336962	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	Got a busier interface than Multiply or Xanga & less intuitive than either of those other two apps  BUT now Ive been using it a bit finding it best of the 3		336785	Works fantastically  very polished player  but the number of movies is limited and the search is pretty awful		336653	Single handedly changed the way I use webmail  I dont think I could live without it now  Seriously	love it! i use this for email everyday!	More space and better features than its competitors and  at the moment  the only Webmail service you can access offline  I wouldnt use anything else		336793	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!		577072	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!		336748	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	Internet Explore not a brilliant choice for all the time		336714	Single handedly changed the way I use webmail  I dont think I could live without it now  Seriously	love it! i use this for email everyday!	More space and better features than its competitors and  at the moment  the only Webmail service you can access offline  I wouldnt use anything else	Single handedly changed the way I use webmail  I dont think I could live without it now  Seriously	love it! i use this for email everyday!	More space and better features than its competitors and  at the moment  the only Webmail service you can access offline  I wouldnt use anything else		336679	Single handedly changed the way I use webmail  I dont think I could live without it now  Seriously	love it! i use this for email everyday!	More space and better features than its competitors and  at the moment  the only Webmail service you can access offline  I wouldnt use anything else	Single handedly changed the way I use webmail  I dont think I could live without it now  Seriously	love it! i use this for email everyday!	More space and better features than its competitors and  at the moment  the only Webmail service you can access offline  I wouldnt use anything else	Single handedly changed the way I use webmail  I dont think I could live without it now  Seriously	love it! i use this for email everyday!	More space and better features than its competitors and  at the moment  the only Webmail service you can access offline  I wouldnt use anything else	If youve only ever used Internet Explorer  you dont know what youre missing  Firefox makes Web browsing easier  more secure  and ultimately more enjoyable		
