338058	Fun social networking site devoted to tracking your physical movement across the globe  submit pictures and track where youve been	best mobile social tool out there  very flexible  integrates with twit and FB	Best social networking out there  Way better than twitter or anything else out there!!	great way to share pictures on the go with friends  old and new	Blows every other social networking and location based site out of the water  Inline pictures  comment capabilities  solid privacy features & a great community!	Location based social networking   live it and youll love it! Status  location  media and relationships all threaded together into the best networking communit	Its an excellent location based social miniblog tool with picture support  Try it and youll love it too! :D	Best geo social networks and a great way to stay in touch with friends	Why would you want 2 use it? broadcasting where u live etc  i couldnt care less where my friends are id call them like normal people	One of the best social networking platforms ever!	Gowalla and Foursquare?  pfft   I dont need to collect more buttons  icons and noise   Brightkite integrates perfectly with everything		
338059	Ping Fm is a great app to post to multiple networks with ease!	I just started using this last night but so far I like what I see	I use it every day! (Pingle is a great iPhone Ping fm client)	all of my status updates and microblogs go thru ping fm at some point   You can even add flickr if your tweet contains a photo!	I Just found Ping and Its great I can update everything all at once  its great	This is a dream come true!!!!! All your social networks profiles updated at once! This is da future os da future XD	I really enjoy using Ping Fm  I keep finding new ways to use it  Twitterfeed plus Ping FM = pure magic!	Hmm  its good still doubting between Pixelpipe and Ping fm	Love ping fm  One of the best aggregation tools out there	really like this aggregator  have it hooked up to all my social networks	I love this aggregator  but I need time for concluding   it is very new for me    but now is amazing!	Well  you learn something new every day!!		
336668	Suffers from an algorithm that favours power users submissions (and funny pictures from 4chan)  but Digg is still a great way to get your daily dose of news	Great way to get news fast	Meh  Was a fan for a while  then figured out that reddit gave me more content more quickly and in a more customized manner  Not bad  but not the best anymore	I dont use it for my regular news  but I do use it as a way to find *some* entertainment news  And typically its good	At least you get something to share with your friends for idle talk	Perhaps not liked as much as previous  I still use it to find cool stuff and the recommendation engine seems to work for me	Great site  lots of info & interesting sites  I have found some really neat things via Digg  But at times I wish theyd believe me that my submission is unique	I use it all the time  Great site to pick up on interesting stories  Thank you Kevin Rose	Ive been using Digg since it first came out  Its always and still my favorite place to find news when I have some downtime	its ok apart from that annoying kevin rose kid  digg was fun for a while  still serves up some good content but the company is pwned  70 employees  no profit	Its a great resource  but quality of comments on the site leaves a lot to be desired	Great for the stories  but if you want to submit stuff get ready to face the mob	nice   maybe useful	What the internet social interested in? Digg tells you	Its a great place for finding interesting stories  but not necessarily the most important stories one could find	The diggbar is frustrating  I wont be using it until they get rid of it	digg is the shit   period	the best site for news and pics!	Not accessible enough  though    I never remember to go there  Good for killing a couple of hours  though!	I like the idea but none of the news stories that have flashed up have tempted me to read them	Needs to change its game by finding a way for me to segment the diggs by users and groups whose opinion I trust  Not just the tech mobs opinion	Its ok  I wish it had a better way to get on the front page	Biased  full of trolls  forcefully witty  The existing established community rules what gets on the homepage and they seem to be the most obtuse on the net	nice little site	Digg didnt make it easy for me to bookmark or share links I come across  Delicious is much much easier  I lost hopes with Digg	I love Digg! Its so easy to keep track of my favorite sites   without pissing around with my bookmarks! I also like finding new sites with Digg :D	what can I say except I loveit	I always find an interesting site when Im at Digg	A great site for top 10 lists  otherwise not that great  The podcast is better  A good idea that has just run wild with worthless junk	I dont get it   Links to links that other people liked dont interest me	Amazing how a site about sharing among millions of people can be all about the same 25 people	great way of knowing whats happening on the web  and its based on what people liked so only good links come in	One of the best social media site  love the interface and easy to use	Unless they are screwing us over with diggbar  I still love em	fascist  underhanded services that goes against everything I love about social media  Whats up w/ Kevin Rose?	Good for finding random news or funny pictures but not good for keeping up to date with world events or important things  Basically a time to waste time on	the most used web application of me according to wakoopa	Cool for finding the interesting stuff in the interwebz	Ruled by a selct few and followed by mindless frats  More like a bad schoolyard	Great source for the best of the web  but comments on articles are usually lame and stupid	I hate it due to stupid crap on it and also the icon is crap	A great idea and it works well   The information wont all be useful  but most will be interesting   Best if your bored  Digg is the place to get lost for a bit	i love it for many reasons  some comments are funny =)	i think its getting old	used to visit it everyday now to me its old and rarly anything interesting  i never signied up an glad i didnt	Fine for random facts	meybe the best social bookmarking site	The best one stop center for latest news compared to other social networks	Just starting to use it and so far I love it	Internet Marketing Scams   How Do You Tell    www gordonfoo com	it rocks  great site to find something funny/random/intresting	op zoek naar een Rabbit vibrator of sensuele lingerie?	Always good to stay tuned!	Easy to use and a lot of interesting stories	enjoy the tech   bethehurricane needs to get some more diggs! workin on it!	easy to use! lets start   cu hibiscus hill info	I used to be on here all the time  and have been a member since the beginning  The standard of articles and the number of fan boys have all but killed it for me	I think Digg offers a great service  making it easier to learn about popular news events over a wide array of topics	Makes finding great articles quick and easy!	Best example of web 2 0 for sharing I ever seen	The better way to skim the contents of the Internet  It has an UI that is easy to use	Really like it as a publisher as a user idk its a good concept but will be greatly improved when the digg 2 0 hits users	bagus  tapi masih perlu perbaikan yang berarti	What matters just appears there pretty fast!	please check out http://www derrickanders com		
337757	Gwibber is a microblogging app that updates twitter  identica  jaiku and the like with your status updates  Runs on Linux only	linux social media solution	Hello from Gwibber Team :)	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Sweet app for Linux people who doesnt want to install new apps or try Air ones  Comes with Ubuntu 10 04 and works with Flickr  Twitter  Facebook and more  ;)		
336667	This game shows how innovative games will become on the iPhone platform   This is a true platformer that sucks you in and will have you wasting time for hours!	Lemmings meets Dizzy Bee  This is an absolute joy to play  and you can either sink hours into it or play for a little while at a time	Fun bu the controls can mess you up	Extraordinarily clever game with a fantastic sense of humour and visual style  Good playing for the whole family	Loco Roco clone  but a damn good one  Best iPhone game to date		
336787	Its not completely perfect  but no Operating System is  Hands down its the best  though	free linux OS   good desktop OS   running it on a 1 desktop machine and 2 laptops	Its a solid operating system and proves Linux doesnt have to be complicated  If I ever get another PC  Ill be running Ubuntu on it for sure	Ive recently made the switch and it does everything I used Windows for  a few things better  I wouldnt yet recommend any *nix OS to casual users though	Amazing    It just gets better and better!	Great operating system which is easy and fun to use	Ive been trying to use Ubuntu more to start learning Linux   Ubuntu is easy to use and I have been really liking it and have had almost no problems	Simply the best! Has everything one needs [+ more] for FREE! :)	Really  really not my cup of tea   Ive tried ~25 distros and I prefer all the others	If you must go with Linux I guess Ubuntu is a good choice	Great OS  simple to use  Im using it on my laptop and desktop computer	i owe u Linus Torvalds(Linux Creator)   Mark Shuttleworth (Ubuntu Creator) & RMS of GNU  GPL  FOSS  FSF Creator to save me fm Micro$oft Window$ Tax :)	I cant believe how user friendly Ubuntu has become  I can do everything on it that I can do on Vista with the exception of play Blu ray	It changed the way I do computing :D	I feel safe   Up to date   Own a real OS	bad memories of windows not working	Maybe I would have liked it if not for the 4 hours of repeated failed attempts to install it	Ubuntu is my linux system  I run it on two computers	The best OS right now in the world	A revelation  Unleash the power of your computer  but within a friendly interface and environment  Try it  and you wont want to go back to Windows	I have only used Ubuntu for the last couple of years  I would consider trying Vista but Ubuntu beats XP every time	Jaunty Jacakalope is another feather in the cap of the Linux flavor that changed my life  My mom likes it  My dad likes it  Linux for humans   even older ones!	I would replace it with my windows XP  Still OS X is my favorite	Trying to switch from ubuntu is like trying to switch from google	Fast  secure  free and simply works	lol It doesnt like my nic  I perfer another distro	Ubuntu   saved me from Windows and Mac	Works great on my Acer Aspire One (8GB SSD)	WOOOO go linux!!!! I have recently converted to it and i love the freedom!	I get used to it  Thx  Mark!	If thats not ready for the desktop  then I dont know what is	it is very good to use ubuntu  try it!	A nice idea  but its still not very good compared to commercial operating systems  Cant run Adobe CS either	Although its contributors work their behinds off to improve it  its not quite there yet  For example: as long as Apple doesnt allow iPhone syncing  Im out	Great  aside from a few annoying issues such as poor wifi handling and difficulty configuring the ui	Love Ubuntu  I have used Ubuntu since 5 04  It is very easy to perform administrative tasks on  The beauty of Ubuntu though is its community	I tried it  but Ill have to try it again	Switched from OS X to 9 04  havent needed to look back yet	Very good Linux distribution	Not usable for a normal user	First time trying to use a linux system  Tried it out on my laptop when I couldnt stand XP anymore  Easy for anyone to install Runs great!	Newbies to computers will love it! I love it too!	For me the best Operating System  Safe Stable and Secured	Awesome  Newbies may wanna try linux mint  based on ubuntu	One of my favourite linux distros	I love it    Except for the fact that the other people who use it see someone using windows    USE UBUNTU  ITS BETTER lol    I dont like that	Very advanced and stable linux distribution	Easy  free  open source  support  no virusses	Ubuntu 9 04 is the best OS Ive ever used so far  Although I did hate it when 8 04 was the latest release  Never tried 8 10 though  I was using SUSE at the time	Simple and powerful at the same time	I know Ubuntu is hot  but it lacks lots of features in other favors  I am still a redhat convert  BTW  a botnet going around attack Linux servers http://tinyurl	Truly  Linux for human beings	Even my elementary school teacher wife prefers it over Windows	Ubuntu gives me that warm  Im not a slave to big corporations feel every time it boots up  I like the interface  and its simplicity	Love it   Currently my primary and only OS	Its so customizable! And easy to use! With Wine and a nice theme  I dont know why the Windows projects still breathing	My personal favourite distro of Linux!	cant understand why anyone would want to use anything else	Helped me to get my self out of windows :D	The best for PCs  but get a Mac!	cool! I just had issues with my dvd player and the wireless network adapter when updated to karmic koala	Do u hav ubuntu?? I think i hav	A little over my head  however there is enough to keep me engaged	+ no need to install drivers (in most cases) + free   awful interface (KDE & Gnome)   lacks of games & professional apps   not so stable & fast as people says	Debian is better to me  but my mother like it	best linux out there :)	favourite os     ever     although Ive not tried Windows 7 yet	I like it a lot because its a lot faster and more stable than Windows  but more technical operations are difficult to understand  I just need more time with it	Its the second best Linux distro there is  It has its share of problems  but so does every other Linux distro	First Linux OS I employed  Great structure for getting to know the world of open source tech  And  after trying many others  I still use it!	First Linux OS I installed  Great structure for getting to know the world of open source tech  And  after trying many others  I still use it!	Best Linux OS  Really like it ;)	Ubuntu is awesome :D	Lo mejor para iniciarse en Linux	u guys there at ubuntu rock !!!		
390998	this is the best photo editing on the web  for anyone to use  free  fast  advanced but easy to use  one of my all time favorite sites of any kind	The BEST online candy EVER!	hehe  love it :)	Really neat stuff  and especially handy for quick edits to Flickr images  Would help if they expanded the functionality on Flickr  E g  paintbrush tool	great idea   genius to partner with flickr but overall its speed is uber frustrating	I like it all right although there are a few online editors that I found easier yet this one provides more options		
336797	Not a professional or decent way of social network to mingle with it You even cant fully express yourself with the nothing features	Its great  I think people who doesnt love it doesnt know social communication well	Correct  maeee  People just DONT actually know  like StevenRaj	i love it so much tnx God bless	i like it honestly but its outdated  i switched to facebook	i m looking for nice asian woman	hai my 1st time using	The moment Facebook came into the picture  Friendster is DEAD	benci situs dan semua orang didalamnya		
336793	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	I was surprised to see that Alexa ranks Yahoo! above Google  Mail  Answers  and Flickr are great  but Yahoo! Search sucks compared to Google	Hardly use anything of theirs apart from Flickr   I cant remember the last time I used their search site	Some cool things going on  Some not so cool things going on  Its too much of a mixed bag for me to say I like it  but I dont wish them ill  either	It provides a good email service and fantasy sports	A good idea  and some great things implemented    but it always seems that Google do it better	I will love it more when they fix the mess in the chatrooms  User since inception	Lots of usefull features google does not have (yet)	Doesnt have as great a search as Google   and what is up with the huge home page?	I like the homepage news  but the search is horrible  Google is better for that	I used to be a big Yahoo fan  as in circa 1998  Today  the only Yahoo service I use is FireEagle	i like the email and the ability to hide your real name from public profiles	a serious pain with small business owners  Not helpful  not open at all  Good luck Yahoo  Im off to WordPress  I tried to stick with ya  but you werent polite	the search the e mail all this is nice (best!)	Defiantly not as good as Google	One of the best Search Engine	Yahoo is like that old t shirt youve never thrown out  Its too ratty to wear  but it has sentimental value	I have a very strong negative image of them   Google is fantastic in comparison	havent used it in years  but it was my first love	Useless search results	I have an account  but my homepage is Google	Yahoo have come a long way in the past year or so  I expect to see big improvements from their services in 2010! Far superior to Google	Thank you  yahoo  for making the internet more complicated	Not populair in the NL  but I do like Yahoo services	Ive been using Yahoo! for news and email for years  It gets better with time	I dont use Yahoo! much anymore  although I did use it a lot before I started using Google  Its a decent portal though  I love Yahoo! Answers	Flickr is the only good service  Google is just better!		
336792	The environment really cool & eye appeal   Users even can upload clip in HD format Best place for creative mind	Now YouTube supports HD videos and downloading  Vimeo has lost its unique selling points  Uploading is much faster and simpler  though	The anti YouTube if you will  Vimeo is a wonderful example of creativity on the web	It has better privacy options than YouTube and supports HD video uploading  Its drawback is the amount of videos and traffic	Like YouTube    but without the 12 year old girl lip syncing Justin Timberlake  Instead  think artists  film makers  and just plain cool people	A platform for aspiring filmmakers to showcase their talents and a *quality* video site without all the senseless  mindnumbing crap	The best online video website	Fantastic site  just what every creative mind that uses computer programs needs  My one complaint is that I dont have my own software to record something!	The best option for watching and uploading HD and a nice change from all the dross on YouTube	GREAT video site  Wish there was more content though	Vimeo is the YouTube for respectful  creative  serious users  Love it	They had a technical glitch for 3 days  causing my site to look bad loosing viewers  When I politely asked them when it will get fixed  they deleted my account	I love the interface  so cool and sexy  and the firewall of my office doesnt block it ;D	Awesome HD  but I feel kinda hesitant about uploading my normal candid videos because all the others are so creative and intense	I can upload HD content and the quality of the videos just seems better  A lot less crap  more creative attempts & less garbage: http://vimeo com/sumdog	elegant and modern  Quite superior to YouTube	Best interface for Flash video  but the T&C scare me slightly	Theres some cool  not so mainstream content on there  but in the end  this site has nothing that YouTube doesnt	I could watch the HD videos all day long	high quality but dont like the limits	 a cool was to show case video	video is presented beautifully	A high quality video site	Its OK  but it really wants you to pay :(	love it!!! Its da place for real film maker  I like they dont have stupid video and dont care about view count unlike YouTube  Its all about original works	Its easy to use and the quality is great  Its perfect for what I need	Really Good to Look Your Videos or Channels in HD with a Simple Interface	Lovable interface  A simple straight tool  filled with HQ content  You will almost forget how fast YT works :)	I joined Vimeo as I received numerous tips from mentors and helpful marketers all steering me into the real world of video and of its upcoming popularity	Its better than Youtube  but Youtube has more content  so in the end  youtube wins	Vimeo is the best  Great interface  great tools  Nice player make videos look good	Officially Amazing     For artists!		
337089	Very nice Twitter app!	This is a nice little Twitter client Ive just started using   Its lightweight  simple  and cross platform   It seems to do everything I want it to well	Loving it  Before I tried thwirl and tweetdeck  but somehow did not work for me  DestroyTwitter does  And off course created my own theme very easily	Replaced Tweetdeck as my primary Twitter app after one day of use  Tight interface  lightweight  and minimalistic or expandable when I need it to be	Good twitter client	A really good app  Best for those who dont like a full blown client like TweetDeck	My absolute favourite twitter client bar none	My favorite Twitter app	Popups for each tweet received with the possibility of filtering and grouping  Nice to have it in background when doing something else and still get tweets	the best twitter app	Super lightweight  full featured AIR app  Beats TweetDeck	lightweight amazing twitter client  with smooth transitions between canvases  customizable skins  groups  trends  everything you want from a twitter app!	im using the theme sky	This is the best twitter app  Hands down  Light use of hardware  simple  and yet a good amount of features	OMH! Its my favorite twitter client ever with tens of features and most of all DestroyTwitter is really designed very well  Ilove it and i cant tweet w/out it	Awesome twitter client  Interface is superb	Im actually tweeting with it right now    hands down my favorite!	Great lightweight Adobe AIR app  A good less cluttered interface compared to Tweetdeck	Im liking this!  Love the different themes too!	Best twitter client   its simple and well designed	This is the best desktop client Ive used!	secret are secrets for reason(s)	i hate it  i dont get it  why do u have to tell people what ur doing? DUH?	Best desktop client I have used  All the functionality you want using only a third of the resources of its rivals	small app was hard to read     maybe it was me though	nice app; played with it from the early days   still use from time to time  Clean	Easy to customize theme  awesome functionality  and slick features make this my favorite twitter client	I am currently testing this out  and will provide an opinion soon	multiple account support needed   love the custom colors though	NOT A GOOD IDEA TO DESTROY ANYTHING EVILTV	heard of it first time  will have a look  names good	pretty good  but not as good as TweetDeck	my first twitter client  needsupdates!	Think Ive already rated this before but its the greatest    Im using it right now!	nice adobe air twitter client  but my fave now is echofon mac		
337088	My favourite app   all my web discoveries are there  my thoughts  my ideas  Easy to use  getting better and better  A must have!	paid the premium membership   which is praise enough (Im tight)	In a world full of information this is the best solution for your own mix of relevant info  OCR in pictures and cross platform makes it a killer app	I need to try this more but it seems pretty useful	Great way to organize your links  notes and files when working on multiple computers and mobile devices  More useful when premium version allows collaboration	This is really good  For all the stuff that you cant possibly get to read   file them into your Evernote account and access them on Mac  PC  web and iPhone	I am happy with Evernote  but I wish it allowed me to organize my notes better	I have been using this app forever and am so glad it has expanded and flourished  There are so many ways to use it  I think of more everyday	Evernote is awesome   Anytime I want to make a list of things I use Evernote and then I can take that list anywhere!	liked its word search in Picture very much  need more social aspect	Perfect app for taking notes You can collect text and multimedia notes  but the strongest feature is the possibility to read notes on the go	Great app ! Forget paper!	Great notes application  only think still lacking is a symbian application	Fantastic app   helping me organize thoughts  research  in all new way!	Essential to my life now!  Notes  research  recipe database  Im always in it!	Evernote is amazing  I couldnt survive a day with out it  I pay for a premium account because I love their service so much	Evernote is amazing and the free edition is a steal! It can be a light CRM  a brain dump  a GTD tool  a project document collection and much more	a true cool and incredibly usefull application  especially if u use a PC next to your MB	Evernote is wonderful!  Its my electronic brain	life becomes so simple with this brilliant note taking app which creates various notebooks and keeps all ur notes at one place accessible over the cloud	I want to love it but just cant get there   maybe my life is too simple to take full advantage of all the great abilities it offers   still a brilliant idea!	Needs some more features but its really good about transferring web pages (and so much else) to text and keeping a lot of the formatting	I absolutely love Evernote! Keeps my notes and personal clippings organized	Fan fucking tastic	Its ability to capture notes from various sources and accessible (and searchable) anywhere has made it an irreplaceable tool for me	it is sweet  great across the board integration	OMG its an online service for information packrats like ME!	sehr gute Anwendung   TOP   Danke	Its has an iPhone  online  Windows  and Mac client  It keeps you organized everywhere	Keep your text/audio/video notes everywhere  Has web  desktop and iphone clients	Im in love w/ Evernote  Its all amazing  Inclusive  Im starting to use it to archive Competitive Intelligence information in my work	iphone and OS integration   voice notes and tagged photo notes rock!	I cannot survive w/o Evernote  the web & mobile components sync effortless & search just plain rocks	Brilliant application ! Essential !	This synced cloud notepad is a must after any system reinstall (Windows/Mac); extremely helpful on the iPhone as well ; recommended by Leo Laporte !	great in theory  needs to work on the interface and some additional features	great way to collect data	all in one note management  i use the portable free version   it wont minimize to taskbar but the installed one does	cool  when it doesnt jam up my browser	Underwhelmed  Not worth the hype  Search is great but mobile versions are not helpful or useful	great app for keeping all of my info in a central location	Im slowly switching from Google Notebook to Evernote  I love Google Notebook  Too bad theyre not moving forward with it	So far good  just getting used to using it  Added to email contacts & can send notes via Twitter 2  Just have to remember to check it now & then   Worth a try	i got really excited about evernote  i think it rules    BUT i never use it  I think the interface makes my notes feel less special or important	best gtd software ive ever used	I love that it synchs with my phone  I needed a to do list for everywhere and this is it   but there is so much more!  Great stuff this	Has no support for google chrome	Perfect way to organize the massive stream of information we pull from our lives and especially the Internet	More indispensable by the day  but they need to offer a client for S60 devices :( Nokia outsell the #2 and #3 cell phone makers combined FFS!	YAY! do essays in the car with iphone (which i dont have anymore :)	Only thing missing is Linux support	Evernote is the best for saving any type of notes  pictures  websites!	Totally wack   Brainless brain; paperless paper   Amen	Its the greatest thing Ive added to my life this year bar none!	Great app  makes me want a smartphone	Very useful tool both for computer and mobile use	Daily user  extremely handy for finding stuff you need to remember  Saves you a lot of headache  :P	I use it daily   Save everything to the cloud and on your pc	I havent used it yet  Im tryingto find out whereI can get it	Evernote makes my various computer sessions   at home  work or university   on a desktop  laptop or iPhone   and with or without internet access   all connecte	Almost replaced my internal memory  Remember everything!	Evernote is surely one of the best notes app Ive tried on a Mac! Head to http://wp me/pFeNm dT  for a complete review of Evernote!	I love Evernote   I became a premium member last year  and I will never live without it again	I just love Evernote its fantastic  Simple to use  work perfect in my Iphone   Eduardo Ovies	very useful for sharing files among my computers or even my friends computers Thumps up but very how much it is for year payment	I use it constantly  sync home and office  for clipping  note taking  memory    searchability and tags make it indispensible	I use it daily :)	use it for anything and everything  Its my new moleskine	Tried it for a while but found out that it works best for iPhone not iPod Touch  the camera feature is a must with this app		
337086	OK but Disqus is the king at the moment	I prefer this over Discus & Im a Wordpress follower  It also got bought up by Automattic (Wordpress developers) so it makes sense  It has plugins now too!	One of the best wordpress comment plugins out there    Tops disqus in my opinion	One of the best wordpress plugin for comments		
337084	Fastest browser available	I cant say much about the brouser for pcs nor Macs however Opera mini s absoulutley brilliant!  fery fast and easy to use on almost any handset	I like it in general  I like is fast  clean  good design  but I would like it as open and extensive as firefox	nice looking and really fast web browser  i use it for my e mails ;)	I used to love Opera  but their support for Ajaxy websites like Google docs  Google Reader made me switch to Firefox	A good browser  but the widget system is crap compared to Firefoxs extensions	I dont use it as much as I use FF  but I havent ever had any major problems with it	Who dont like to browse web with smooth & speed? Opera is my 2nd choice after FF   Excellent Fast & Clear  Absolutely brilliant choice	Ugly  fiddly  bloated  and annoying to update  Pretty much everything I hate about Internet Explorer applies to Opera  too	Painful and clunky to use	The fullest featured  most intuitive  reliable browser there is  Sadly used by only a minority  so not all sites support it	Was once the fastest  most standards compliant browser  Sadly  people design for IE  not standards  Great browser  lots of features  Gotta love mouse gestures	All In One  one stop solution for browser choice	Its all right  but not good qualaty	The most awesome browser ever invented!	Excellent standards compliant browser with lots of unique features  Sadly not mainstream enough to matter anymore	the fastest browser i ever seen  (opera 10 alpha)	probably the fastest browser	   i love Google Chrome more  but Opera is my second love!	Definitely my favorite internet browser    Im using it right now!	Better than IE  not as good as Firefox or Chrome  but Unite puts it in another league entirely!	Opera is a Fast  Secure  Standards Compliant browser that inovates most of the features we love in modern browsers  It also has a friendly community	It is ok as my backup plan if FF goes wrong but it is no comparison to Firefox especially 3 5 beta version	I will never download opera again because theyve chosen to attack Microsoft rather than compete	I like it  but still having issues with a problem that Opera cased me several years ago during my thesis	loved it   love it   and will love it   ANy pRobs?	very good but dont work good with some javas	Mediocre  with a number of better options available	Opera comes with everything I need  No nasty addons to slow it down or crash it  Better on memory than firefox and more secure  Ignore the FF fanboys	Fast and feature rich  nothing really compares	crashes on some websites with a lot of javascript  and some facebook things are broke atm    hard to update too	Very fast web browser plus e mail client / feed reader  Very good for testing your own HTML files  besides Firefox	Cant really fault Opera on anything    it has the features I need and want in a browser	Great browser  Normally has features before other browsers	Very fast browser  but not compatible with some nonstandard pages	its fast and quick browser	may i lisen song youtube in it	best browser :)	While the mobile browser itself is good  the mobile emulator is absolutely excellent for testing mobile websites	I downloaded it just so I could be different than the Get Fx buttons	Without Opera who would Chrome and Firefox extension developers have to rip off?	Well     Not as good as Firefox or Chrome  but better than safari and IE	Great browser  Dont personally use it for my main browsing though	Way too much focus on advanced stuff  Purportedly faster  but I havent seen any sigificant speed differences between Firefox & Opera	Definitely beats plugin overwhelmed Firefox and featureless Chrome	im big fan and supporter of this browser since early beggining and it growth to be likely most user friendy and community supported browser	So many features  and passing acid3  but its UI and its learning curve keep me from using it	Great browser  currently my browser of choice for OS X  Not as good as Chrome  but definitely a quality web browsing	An OK browser but Firefox and Chrome are better	I like its attempt to integrate all sorts of web tools into one app  The problem is its slow for me and the IRC part of it sucks  Ill stick to FF for now  :)	far from Chrome and Firefox   too  far	Makes me proud to be norwegian	The most user friendly and the best USERS browser ever!	Mobile version is good  but desktop isnt  Give me CSS3! border radius!	Opera needs less discrimination from some websites  They innovate	Private browsing may be still require improvement yet one of the best	I love using Opera to surf the net  Flexible Excellent Perfect  So many creativities	Sleek  fast  secure and comes with a ton of built in features  Win!	Always the leader when it comes to new features	Opera 10 10  while funky on some sites  actually works with most Google apps so far   But  the best is Opera 10 10s UNITE feature  brilliant	+ fast even on slower machines + awesome built in features + great mobile version   no addons   incompatible with a lot of websites   overwhelming interface	Opera is awesome! Fast  efficient  and does everything a browser should do  Opera are the leader in browser innovation  driving new features in browsers	long time user love it and stuck on the way it works tried chrome etc but dont really like them : )	the new opera is just kickass!! watch out chrome and safari!!	Just recently started using Opera  and have become a big fan  Anything with open development is always a good thing  in my opinion  Web 5 0 is their hi point	The 10 50 works with most sites  but some of my bookmarklets stopped working	Nice alternative browser		
337082	Been used this long time ago  but stopped  Because of slow streaming in my page	It cant compete with the likes of Last fm  Pandora and thesixtyone for me	annoying and hard to use  ive always been a last fm girl	This site Rock!  It can be a lot of fun  last fm works better for me  but this is still enjoyable   Join me at:  http://www imeem com/people/gePxA05	I can see the appeal  though dont use it much personally	imeem has the best feature set out of all of these	imeem is the place to find music of any style!!!	Just started using this  Great access to music  but navigating the site is difficult	Have been signed up for an hour  and still am yet to find a track or video that I am able to stream  Disappointing	Its ok  I always find songs before buying them	i love everysong come on	omq this is so fuckinq amazinq mane	JESUS IS LORD  HE LOVES YOU SO MUCH AND HE NEEDS YOU TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM NOW COS HE CAN TAKE GOOD CARE OF YOU	You have to be a member and signed int to listen or upload stuff but I think it is still the best social networking sites :)	i used it too much till now it helps	Imeem is no more    its really too bad   Now I just use Grooveshark waiting for the next best thing	Imeem was a great site  Now it follows the path of MP3 com gobbled up by the media monster!	*sigh* i cant believe imeem is gone   i had so many favorite playlists	I am beyond pisstivity  id just created a beautiful Christmas list with all of motown on it  Im still waiting on my email from myspace about my playlists	OmG!! where can i find my NEW TUESDAY MUSIC ???!!! PLEASE HELP!!!	Ok  I used to totally love it  Now that I guess myspace bought it  it  SUCKS  I guess Ill find another music/video site that has not sold out to myspace	FUCK TOM! HE BOUGHT THE IMEEM WEBSITE ! FUCK! HE COMBINE! FUCK! TOM MYSPACE MUSIC IS FUCK! ONLY WANT MONEY! FUVK! MY PROFILE GONE SHIT ! MY ULOAD SONG! SHIT!	why is it that www imeem  com was gone  we love very much that site  please return it  ASAP	I Really loved that site  had some classic songs that i was going to download to cds  BUT like All good things  they must end  I really miss my Music tme why?	i like imeem much	Im incredibly sad that imeem was bought out  ;A; Myspace music is crap  I miss all the playlists I made  I lost all the stuff I uploaded too  > <	I hate that stupid myspace took over bad ass imeem  I cant locate none of my huge playlists that i had  This sucks!!! ):	hate that myspace has token over    dont get me wrong i have a myspace but it SUCKS ASS!!!	ilove it even though tom took over it alright i guess	Imeem was the best website  those pathetic moron myspace bullshit took over everything  I had my imeem account and now everything is gone Fuck myspace!!	 OUTSTANDING GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN  WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME?  AND TOOK MY PLAYLISTS?  NOW I HAVE TO START ALL OVER AGAIN	i really hate this bullshit site myspace i uploaded so many songs that now alls gone imeen was a great website and this guy tom gobbled everything	devapriya8i really like this site imeme	i cannot believe it took me MONTHS!!! to get my playlist on IMEEM   and now mySPACE doesnt even come remotely close for me to start OVER AGAIN     it sucks	Lost 80% of the songs on my imeem playlists    songs that came from imeem  I despise these myspace dipshts  The big question: What site replaces imeem the best?	I really miss the site  i hate the fact its with myspace now	Was really great before MySpace ruined it	I agree   it messed up my phone app	i hate it what the hell were these ppl thinking i really liked imeem if myspace was all that great then facebook wouldnt have takin over! come back to us IMEEM!	I simply hate the fact that my imeem account can not be loaded and also that the site is now part of that thing called my space   better to be part of facebook!	its a good way to chat n see wats up	i honestly have no idea wat it is	yes  i luv it becuz itz my 1st time on this site How do you know if youre talking to someone on here? huh just askin	MySpace took imeem and F it up!! I am pissed! Imeem was so nice  Did yall hear that the CEO just quit myspace today  He should feel bad what he did to imeem!	I simply hate the fact that my imeem account can not be loaded and also that the site is now part of that thing called my space   better to be part of facebook!	I hate imeem now! I cant see my favorite songs   I demand to get imeem back the way it was before	imeem was a truly outstanding service until it was gobbled up and utterly destroyed by MySpace last December  Thanks a lot  MySpace	i hate it so much           imeem is the best account that i ever had	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	It used to be good until something called Myspace took over  Blah  I prefer MP3s anyway	i hate immem being absorbed by myspace it was a nice site but now is worthless	i love imeem to share music videos photos and create playlist	i make me feel great	why does it take me to myspace what did they sell it to myspace or what?	i love imeem got hundreds of drum and bass tunes along with sum hardcore and some rap ive had imeem for ages now	No longer as useful as it used to be	ugh  its bought by myspace  im out	Loved it  I bemoan the loss of such a wonderful service  Goodbye imeem! Goodbye!		