338058	Fun social networking site devoted to tracking your physical movement across the globe   submit pictures and track where youve been	best mobile social tool out there  very flexible  integrates with twit and FB	Best social networking out there  Way better than twitter or anything else out there!!	great way to share pictures on the go with friends  old and new	Blows every other social networking and location based site out of the water  Inline pictures  comment capabilities  solid privacy features & a great community!	Location based social networking   live it and youll love it! Status  location  media and relationships all threaded together into the best networking communit	Its an excellent location based social miniblog tool with picture support  Try it and youll love it too! :D	Best geo social networks and a great way to stay in touch with friends	Why would you want 2 use it? broadcasting where u live etc  i couldnt care less where my friends are id call them like normal people	One of the best social networking platforms ever!	Gowalla and Foursquare?  pfft   I dont need to collect more buttons  icons and noise   Brightkite integrates perfectly with everything		
338059	Ping Fm is a great app to post to multiple networks with ease!	I just started using this last night but so far I like what I see	I use it every day! (Pingle is a great iPhone Ping fm client)	all of my status updates and microblogs go thru ping fm at some point   You can even add flickr if your tweet contains a photo!	I Just found Ping and Its great I can update everything all at once  its great	This is a dream come true!!!!! All your social networks profiles updated at once! This is da future os da future XD	I really enjoy using Ping Fm  I keep finding new ways to use it  Twitterfeed plus Ping FM = pure magic!	Hmm  its good still doubting between Pixelpipe and Ping fm	Love ping fm  One of the best aggregation tools out there	really like this aggregator  have it hooked up to all my social networks	I love this aggregator  but I need time for concluding   it is very new for me    but now is amazing!	Well  you learn something new every day!!		
336668	Suffers from an algorithm that favours power users submissions (and funny pictures from 4chan)  but Digg is still a great way to get your daily dose of news	Great way to get news fast	Meh  Was a fan for a while  then figured out that reddit gave me more content more quickly and in a more customized manner  Not bad  but not the best anymore	I dont use it for my regular news  but I do use it as a way to find *some* entertainment news  And typically its good	At least you get something to share with your friends for idle talk	Perhaps not liked as much as previous  I still use it to find cool stuff and the recommendation engine seems to work for me	Great site  lots of info & interesting sites  I have found some really neat things via Digg  But at times I wish theyd believe me that my submission is unique	I use it all the time  Great site to pick up on interesting stories  Thank you Kevin Rose	Ive been using Digg since it first came out  Its always and still my favorite place to find news when I have some downtime	its ok apart from that annoying kevin rose kid  digg was fun for a while  still serves up some good content but the company is pwned  70 employees  no profit	Its a great resource  but quality of comments on the site leaves a lot to be desired	Great for the stories  but if you want to submit stuff get ready to face the mob	nice   maybe useful	What the internet social interested in? Digg tells you	Its a great place for finding interesting stories  but not necessarily the most important stories one could find	The diggbar is frustrating  I wont be using it until they get rid of it	digg is the shit   period	the best site for news and pics!	Not accessible enough  though    I never remember to go there  Good for killing a couple of hours  though!	I like the idea but none of the news stories that have flashed up have tempted me to read them	Needs to change its game by finding a way for me to segment the diggs by users and groups whose opinion I trust  Not just the tech mobs opinion	Its ok  I wish it had a better way to get on the front page	Biased  full of trolls  forcefully witty  The existing established community rules what gets on the homepage and they seem to be the most obtuse on the net	nice little site	Digg didnt make it easy for me to bookmark or share links I come across  Delicious is much much easier  I lost hopes with Digg	I love Digg! Its so easy to keep track of my favorite sites   without pissing around with my bookmarks! I also like finding new sites with Digg :D	what can I say except I loveit	I always find an interesting site when Im at Digg	A great site for top 10 lists  otherwise not that great  The podcast is better  A good idea that has just run wild with worthless junk	I dont get it   Links to links that other people liked dont interest me	Amazing how a site about sharing among millions of people can be all about the same 25 people	great way of knowing whats happening on the web  and its based on what people liked so only good links come in	One of the best social media site  love the interface and easy to use	Unless they are screwing us over with diggbar  I still love em	fascist  underhanded services that goes against everything I love about social media  Whats up w/ Kevin Rose?	Good for finding random news or funny pictures but not good for keeping up to date with world events or important things  Basically a time to waste time on	the most used web application of me according to wakoopa	Cool for finding the interesting stuff in the interwebz	Ruled by a selct few and followed by mindless frats  More like a bad schoolyard	Great source for the best of the web  but comments on articles are usually lame and stupid	I hate it due to stupid crap on it and also the icon is crap	A great idea and it works well   The information wont all be useful  but most will be interesting   Best if your bored  Digg is the place to get lost for a bit	i love it for many reasons  some comments are funny =)	i think its getting old	used to visit it everyday now to me its old and rarly anything interesting  i never signied up an glad i didnt	Fine for random facts	meybe the best social bookmarking site	The best one stop center for latest news compared to other social networks	Just starting to use it and so far I love it	Internet Marketing Scams   How Do You Tell    www gordonfoo com	it rocks  great site to find something funny/random/intresting	op zoek naar een Rabbit vibrator of sensuele lingerie?	Always good to stay tuned!	Easy to use and a lot of interesting stories	enjoy the tech   bethehurricane needs to get some more diggs! workin on it!	easy to use! lets start   cu hibiscus hill info	I used to be on here all the time  and have been a member since the beginning  The standard of articles and the number of fan boys have all but killed it for me	I think Digg offers a great service  making it easier to learn about popular news events over a wide array of topics	Makes finding great articles quick and easy!	Best example of web 2 0 for sharing I ever seen	The better way to skim the contents of the Internet  It has an UI that is easy to use	Really like it as a publisher as a user idk its a good concept but will be greatly improved when the digg 2 0 hits users	bagus  tapi masih perlu perbaikan yang berarti	What matters just appears there pretty fast!	please check out http://www derrickanders com		
337757	Gwibber is a microblogging app that updates twitter  identica  jaiku and the like with your status updates  Runs on Linux only	linux social media solution	Hello from Gwibber Team :)	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Sweet app for Linux people who doesnt want to install new apps or try Air ones  Comes with Ubuntu 10 04 and works with Flickr  Twitter  Facebook and more  ;)		
336667	This game shows how innovative games will become on the iPhone platform   This is a true platformer that sucks you in and will have you wasting time for hours!	Lemmings meets Dizzy Bee  This is an absolute joy to play  and you can either sink hours into it or play for a little while at a time	Fun bu the controls can mess you up	Extraordinarily clever game with a fantastic sense of humour and visual style  Good playing for the whole family	Loco Roco clone  but a damn good one  Best iPhone game to date		
336787	Its not completely perfect  but no Operating System is  Hands down its the best  though	free linux OS   good desktop OS   running it on a 1 desktop machine and 2 laptops	Its a solid operating system and proves Linux doesnt have to be complicated  If I ever get another PC  Ill be running Ubuntu on it for sure	Ive recently made the switch and it does everything I used Windows for  a few things better  I wouldnt yet recommend any *nix OS to casual users though	Amazing    It just gets better and better!	Great operating system which is easy and fun to use	Ive been trying to use Ubuntu more to start learning Linux   Ubuntu is easy to use and I have been really liking it and have had almost no problems	Simply the best! Has everything one needs [+ more] for FREE! :)	Really  really not my cup of tea   Ive tried ~25 distros and I prefer all the others	If you must go with Linux I guess Ubuntu is a good choice	Great OS  simple to use  Im using it on my laptop and desktop computer	i owe u Linus Torvalds(Linux Creator)   Mark Shuttleworth (Ubuntu Creator) & RMS of GNU  GPL  FOSS  FSF Creator to save me fm Micro$oft Window$ Tax :)	I cant believe how user friendly Ubuntu has become  I can do everything on it that I can do on Vista with the exception of play Blu ray	It changed the way I do computing :D	I feel safe   Up to date   Own a real OS	bad memories of windows not working	Maybe I would have liked it if not for the 4 hours of repeated failed attempts to install it	Ubuntu is my linux system  I run it on two computers	The best OS right now in the world	A revelation  Unleash the power of your computer  but within a friendly interface and environment  Try it  and you wont want to go back to Windows	I have only used Ubuntu for the last couple of years  I would consider trying Vista but Ubuntu beats XP every time	Jaunty Jacakalope is another feather in the cap of the Linux flavor that changed my life  My mom likes it  My dad likes it  Linux for humans   even older ones!	I would replace it with my windows XP  Still OS X is my favorite	Trying to switch from ubuntu is like trying to switch from google	Fast  secure  free and simply works	lol It doesnt like my nic  I perfer another distro	Ubuntu   saved me from Windows and Mac	Works great on my Acer Aspire One (8GB SSD)	WOOOO go linux!!!! I have recently converted to it and i love the freedom!	I get used to it  Thx  Mark!	If thats not ready for the desktop  then I dont know what is	it is very good to use ubuntu  try it!	A nice idea  but its still not very good compared to commercial operating systems  Cant run Adobe CS either	Although its contributors work their behinds off to improve it  its not quite there yet  For example: as long as Apple doesnt allow iPhone syncing  Im out	Great  aside from a few annoying issues such as poor wifi handling and difficulty configuring the ui	Love Ubuntu  I have used Ubuntu since 5 04  It is very easy to perform administrative tasks on  The beauty of Ubuntu though is its community	I tried it  but Ill have to try it again	Switched from OS X to 9 04  havent needed to look back yet	Very good Linux distribution	Not usable for a normal user	First time trying to use a linux system  Tried it out on my laptop when I couldnt stand XP anymore  Easy for anyone to install Runs great!	Newbies to computers will love it! I love it too!	For me the best Operating System  Safe Stable and Secured	Awesome  Newbies may wanna try linux mint  based on ubuntu	One of my favourite linux distros	I love it    Except for the fact that the other people who use it see someone using windows    USE UBUNTU  ITS BETTER lol    I dont like that	Very advanced and stable linux distribution	Easy  free  open source  support  no virusses	Ubuntu 9 04 is the best OS Ive ever used so far  Although I did hate it when 8 04 was the latest release  Never tried 8 10 though  I was using SUSE at the time	Simple and powerful at the same time	I know Ubuntu is hot  but it lacks lots of features in other favors  I am still a redhat convert  BTW  a botnet going around attack Linux servers http://tinyurl	Truly  Linux for human beings	Even my elementary school teacher wife prefers it over Windows	Ubuntu gives me that warm  Im not a slave to big corporations feel every time it boots up  I like the interface  and its simplicity	Love it   Currently my primary and only OS	Its so customizable! And easy to use! With Wine and a nice theme  I dont know why the Windows projects still breathing	My personal favourite distro of Linux!	cant understand why anyone would want to use anything else	Helped me to get my self out of windows :D	The best for PCs  but get a Mac!	cool! I just had issues with my dvd player and the wireless network adapter when updated to karmic koala	Do u hav ubuntu?? I think i hav	A little over my head  however there is enough to keep me engaged	+ no need to install drivers (in most cases) + free   awful interface (KDE & Gnome)   lacks of games & professional apps   not so stable & fast as people says	Debian is better to me  but my mother like it	best linux out there :)	favourite os     ever     although Ive not tried Windows 7 yet	I like it a lot because its a lot faster and more stable than Windows  but more technical operations are difficult to understand  I just need more time with it	Its the second best Linux distro there is  It has its share of problems  but so does every other Linux distro	First Linux OS I employed  Great structure for getting to know the world of open source tech  And  after trying many others  I still use it!	First Linux OS I installed  Great structure for getting to know the world of open source tech  And  after trying many others  I still use it!	Best Linux OS  Really like it ;)	Ubuntu is awesome :D	Lo mejor para iniciarse en Linux	u guys there at ubuntu rock !!!		
390998	this is the best photo editing on the web  for anyone to use  free  fast  advanced but easy to use  one of my all time favorite sites of any kind	The BEST online candy EVER!	hehe  love it :)	Really neat stuff  and especially handy for quick edits to Flickr images  Would help if they expanded the functionality on Flickr  E g  paintbrush tool	great idea   genius to partner with flickr but overall its speed is uber frustrating	I like it all right although there are a few online editors that I found easier yet this one provides more options		
336797	Not a professional or decent way of social network to mingle with it You even cant fully express yourself with the nothing features	Its great  I think people who doesnt love it doesnt know social communication well	Correct  maeee  People just DONT actually know  like StevenRaj	i love it so much tnx God bless	i like it honestly but its outdated  i switched to facebook	i m looking for nice asian woman	hai my 1st time using	The moment Facebook came into the picture  Friendster is DEAD	benci situs dan semua orang didalamnya		
336793	the first web service i ever used & despite the invasive ads theres something i like about yahoo  cant quite put my finger on it but yeah yahoo!	I was surprised to see that Alexa ranks Yahoo! above Google  Mail  Answers  and Flickr are great  but Yahoo! Search sucks compared to Google	Hardly use anything of theirs apart from Flickr   I cant remember the last time I used their search site	Some cool things going on  Some not so cool things going on  Its too much of a mixed bag for me to say I like it  but I dont wish them ill  either	It provides a good email service and fantasy sports	A good idea  and some great things implemented    but it always seems that Google do it better	I will love it more when they fix the mess in the chatrooms  User since inception	Lots of usefull features google does not have (yet)	Doesnt have as great a search as Google   and what is up with the huge home page?	I like the homepage news  but the search is horrible  Google is better for that	I used to be a big Yahoo fan  as in circa 1998  Today  the only Yahoo service I use is FireEagle	i like the email and the ability to hide your real name from public profiles	a serious pain with small business owners  Not helpful  not open at all  Good luck Yahoo  Im off to WordPress  I tried to stick with ya  but you werent polite	the search the e mail all this is nice (best!)	Defiantly not as good as Google	One of the best Search Engine	Yahoo is like that old t shirt youve never thrown out  Its too ratty to wear  but it has sentimental value	I have a very strong negative image of them   Google is fantastic in comparison	havent used it in years  but it was my first love	Useless search results	I have an account  but my homepage is Google	Yahoo have come a long way in the past year or so  I expect to see big improvements from their services in 2010! Far superior to Google	Thank you  yahoo  for making the internet more complicated	Not populair in the NL  but I do like Yahoo services	Ive been using Yahoo! for news and email for years  It gets better with time	I dont use Yahoo! much anymore  although I did use it a lot before I started using Google  Its a decent portal though  I love Yahoo! Answers	Flickr is the only good service  Google is just better!		
336792	The environment really cool & eye appeal   Users even can upload clip in HD format Best place for creative mind	Now YouTube supports HD videos and downloading  Vimeo has lost its unique selling points  Uploading is much faster and simpler  though	The anti YouTube if you will  Vimeo is a wonderful example of creativity on the web	It has better privacy options than YouTube and supports HD video uploading  Its drawback is the amount of videos and traffic	Like YouTube    but without the 12 year old girl lip syncing Justin Timberlake  Instead  think artists  film makers  and just plain cool people	A platform for aspiring filmmakers to showcase their talents and a *quality* video site without all the senseless  mindnumbing crap	The best online video website	Fantastic site  just what every creative mind that uses computer programs needs  My one complaint is that I dont have my own software to record something!	The best option for watching and uploading HD and a nice change from all the dross on YouTube	GREAT video site  Wish there was more content though	Vimeo is the YouTube for respectful  creative  serious users  Love it	They had a technical glitch for 3 days  causing my site to look bad loosing viewers  When I politely asked them when it will get fixed  they deleted my account	I love the interface  so cool and sexy  and the firewall of my office doesnt block it ;D	Awesome HD  but I feel kinda hesitant about uploading my normal candid videos because all the others are so creative and intense	I can upload HD content and the quality of the videos just seems better  A lot less crap  more creative attempts & less garbage: http://vimeo com/sumdog	elegant and modern  Quite superior to YouTube	Best interface for Flash video  but the T&C scare me slightly	Theres some cool  not so mainstream content on there  but in the end  this site has nothing that YouTube doesnt	I could watch the HD videos all day long	high quality but dont like the limits	 a cool was to show case video	video is presented beautifully	A high quality video site	Its OK  but it really wants you to pay :(	love it!!! Its da place for real film maker  I like they dont have stupid video and dont care about view count unlike YouTube  Its all about original works	Its easy to use and the quality is great  Its perfect for what I need	Really Good to Look Your Videos or Channels in HD with a Simple Interface	Lovable interface  A simple straight tool  filled with HQ content  You will almost forget how fast YT works :)	I joined Vimeo as I received numerous tips from mentors and helpful marketers all steering me into the real world of video and of its upcoming popularity	Its better than Youtube  but Youtube has more content  so in the end  youtube wins	Vimeo is the best  Great interface  great tools  Nice player make videos look good	Officially Amazing     For artists!		
337089	Very nice Twitter app!	This is a nice little Twitter client Ive just started using   Its lightweight  simple  and cross platform   It seems to do everything I want it to well	Loving it  Before I tried thwirl and tweetdeck  but somehow did not work for me  DestroyTwitter does  And off course created my own theme very easily	Replaced Tweetdeck as my primary Twitter app after one day of use  Tight interface  lightweight  and minimalistic or expandable when I need it to be	Good twitter client	A really good app  Best for those who dont like a full blown client like TweetDeck	My absolute favourite twitter client bar none	My favorite Twitter app	Popups for each tweet received with the possibility of filtering and grouping  Nice to have it in background when doing something else and still get tweets	the best twitter app	Super lightweight  full featured AIR app  Beats TweetDeck	lightweight amazing twitter client  with smooth transitions between canvases  customizable skins  groups  trends  everything you want from a twitter app!	im using the theme sky	This is the best twitter app  Hands down  Light use of hardware  simple  and yet a good amount of features	OMH! Its my favorite twitter client ever with tens of features and most of all DestroyTwitter is really designed very well  Ilove it and i cant tweet w/out it	Awesome twitter client  Interface is superb	Im actually tweeting with it right now    hands down my favorite!	Great lightweight Adobe AIR app  A good less cluttered interface compared to Tweetdeck	Im liking this!  Love the different themes too!	Best twitter client   its simple and well designed	This is the best desktop client Ive used!	secret are secrets for reason(s)	i hate it  i dont get it  why do u have to tell people what ur doing? DUH?	Best desktop client I have used  All the functionality you want using only a third of the resources of its rivals	small app was hard to read     maybe it was me though	nice app; played with it from the early days   still use from time to time  Clean	Easy to customize theme  awesome functionality  and slick features make this my favorite twitter client	I am currently testing this out  and will provide an opinion soon	multiple account support needed   love the custom colors though	NOT A GOOD IDEA TO DESTROY ANYTHING EVILTV	heard of it first time  will have a look  names good	pretty good  but not as good as TweetDeck	my first twitter client  needsupdates!	Think Ive already rated this before but its the greatest    Im using it right now!	nice adobe air twitter client  but my fave now is echofon mac		
337088	My favourite app   all my web discoveries are there  my thoughts  my ideas  Easy to use  getting better and better  A must have!	paid the premium membership   which is praise enough (Im tight)	In a world full of information this is the best solution for your own mix of relevant info  OCR in pictures and cross platform makes it a killer app	I need to try this more but it seems pretty useful	Great way to organize your links  notes and files when working on multiple computers and mobile devices  More useful when premium version allows collaboration	This is really good  For all the stuff that you cant possibly get to read   file them into your Evernote account and access them on Mac  PC  web and iPhone	I am happy with Evernote  but I wish it allowed me to organize my notes better	I have been using this app forever and am so glad it has expanded and flourished  There are so many ways to use it  I think of more everyday	Evernote is awesome   Anytime I want to make a list of things I use Evernote and then I can take that list anywhere!	liked its word search in Picture very much  need more social aspect	Perfect app for taking notes You can collect text and multimedia notes  but the strongest feature is the possibility to read notes on the go	Great app ! Forget paper!	Great notes application  only think still lacking is a symbian application	Fantastic app   helping me organize thoughts  research  in all new way!	Essential to my life now!  Notes  research  recipe database  Im always in it!	Evernote is amazing  I couldnt survive a day with out it  I pay for a premium account because I love their service so much	Evernote is amazing and the free edition is a steal! It can be a light CRM  a brain dump  a GTD tool  a project document collection and much more	a true cool and incredibly usefull application  especially if u use a PC next to your MB	Evernote is wonderful!  Its my electronic brain	life becomes so simple with this brilliant note taking app which creates various notebooks and keeps all ur notes at one place accessible over the cloud	I want to love it but just cant get there   maybe my life is too simple to take full advantage of all the great abilities it offers   still a brilliant idea!	Needs some more features but its really good about transferring web pages (and so much else) to text and keeping a lot of the formatting	I absolutely love Evernote! Keeps my notes and personal clippings organized	Fan fucking tastic	Its ability to capture notes from various sources and accessible (and searchable) anywhere has made it an irreplaceable tool for me	it is sweet  great across the board integration	OMG its an online service for information packrats like ME!	sehr gute Anwendung   TOP   Danke	Its has an iPhone  online  Windows  and Mac client  It keeps you organized everywhere	Keep your text/audio/video notes everywhere  Has web  desktop and iphone clients	Im in love w/ Evernote  Its all amazing  Inclusive  Im starting to use it to archive Competitive Intelligence information in my work	iphone and OS integration   voice notes and tagged photo notes rock!	I cannot survive w/o Evernote  the web & mobile components sync effortless & search just plain rocks	Brilliant application ! Essential !	This synced cloud notepad is a must after any system reinstall (Windows/Mac); extremely helpful on the iPhone as well ; recommended by Leo Laporte !	great in theory  needs to work on the interface and some additional features	great way to collect data	all in one note management  i use the portable free version   it wont minimize to taskbar but the installed one does	cool  when it doesnt jam up my browser	Underwhelmed  Not worth the hype  Search is great but mobile versions are not helpful or useful	great app for keeping all of my info in a central location	Im slowly switching from Google Notebook to Evernote  I love Google Notebook  Too bad theyre not moving forward with it	So far good  just getting used to using it  Added to email contacts & can send notes via Twitter 2  Just have to remember to check it now & then   Worth a try	i got really excited about evernote  i think it rules    BUT i never use it  I think the interface makes my notes feel less special or important	best gtd software ive ever used	I love that it synchs with my phone  I needed a to do list for everywhere and this is it   but there is so much more!  Great stuff this	Has no support for google chrome	Perfect way to organize the massive stream of information we pull from our lives and especially the Internet	More indispensable by the day  but they need to offer a client for S60 devices :( Nokia outsell the #2 and #3 cell phone makers combined FFS!	YAY! do essays in the car with iphone (which i dont have anymore :)	Only thing missing is Linux support	Evernote is the best for saving any type of notes  pictures  websites!	Totally wack   Brainless brain; paperless paper   Amen	Its the greatest thing Ive added to my life this year bar none!	Great app  makes me want a smartphone	Very useful tool both for computer and mobile use	Daily user  extremely handy for finding stuff you need to remember  Saves you a lot of headache  :P	I use it daily   Save everything to the cloud and on your pc	I havent used it yet  Im tryingto find out whereI can get it	Evernote makes my various computer sessions   at home  work or university   on a desktop  laptop or iPhone   and with or without internet access   all connecte	Almost replaced my internal memory  Remember everything!	Evernote is surely one of the best notes app Ive tried on a Mac! Head to http://wp me/pFeNm dT  for a complete review of Evernote!	I love Evernote   I became a premium member last year  and I will never live without it again	I just love Evernote its fantastic  Simple to use  work perfect in my Iphone   Eduardo Ovies	very useful for sharing files among my computers or even my friends computers Thumps up but very how much it is for year payment	I use it constantly  sync home and office  for clipping  note taking  memory    searchability and tags make it indispensible	I use it daily :)	use it for anything and everything  Its my new moleskine	Tried it for a while but found out that it works best for iPhone not iPod Touch  the camera feature is a must with this app		
337086	OK but Disqus is the king at the moment	I prefer this over Discus & Im a Wordpress follower  It also got bought up by Automattic (Wordpress developers) so it makes sense  It has plugins now too!	One of the best wordpress comment plugins out there    Tops disqus in my opinion	One of the best wordpress plugin for comments		
337084	Fastest browser available	I cant say much about the brouser for pcs nor Macs however Opera mini s absoulutley brilliant!  fery fast and easy to use on almost any handset	I like it in general  I like is fast  clean  good design  but I would like it as open and extensive as firefox	nice looking and really fast web browser  i use it for my e mails ;)	I used to love Opera  but their support for Ajaxy websites like Google docs  Google Reader made me switch to Firefox	A good browser  but the widget system is crap compared to Firefoxs extensions	I dont use it as much as I use FF  but I havent ever had any major problems with it	Who dont like to browse web with smooth & speed? Opera is my 2nd choice after FF   Excellent Fast & Clear  Absolutely brilliant choice	Ugly  fiddly  bloated  and annoying to update  Pretty much everything I hate about Internet Explorer applies to Opera  too	Painful and clunky to use	The fullest featured  most intuitive  reliable browser there is  Sadly used by only a minority  so not all sites support it	Was once the fastest  most standards compliant browser  Sadly  people design for IE  not standards  Great browser  lots of features  Gotta love mouse gestures	All In One  one stop solution for browser choice	Its all right  but not good qualaty	The most awesome browser ever invented!	Excellent standards compliant browser with lots of unique features  Sadly not mainstream enough to matter anymore	the fastest browser i ever seen  (opera 10 alpha)	probably the fastest browser	   i love Google Chrome more  but Opera is my second love!	Definitely my favorite internet browser    Im using it right now!	Better than IE  not as good as Firefox or Chrome  but Unite puts it in another league entirely!	Opera is a Fast  Secure  Standards Compliant browser that inovates most of the features we love in modern browsers  It also has a friendly community	It is ok as my backup plan if FF goes wrong but it is no comparison to Firefox especially 3 5 beta version	I will never download opera again because theyve chosen to attack Microsoft rather than compete	I like it  but still having issues with a problem that Opera cased me several years ago during my thesis	loved it   love it   and will love it   ANy pRobs?	very good but dont work good with some javas	Mediocre  with a number of better options available	Opera comes with everything I need  No nasty addons to slow it down or crash it  Better on memory than firefox and more secure  Ignore the FF fanboys	Fast and feature rich  nothing really compares	crashes on some websites with a lot of javascript  and some facebook things are broke atm    hard to update too	Very fast web browser plus e mail client / feed reader  Very good for testing your own HTML files  besides Firefox	Cant really fault Opera on anything    it has the features I need and want in a browser	Great browser  Normally has features before other browsers	Very fast browser  but not compatible with some nonstandard pages	its fast and quick browser	may i lisen song youtube in it	best browser :)	While the mobile browser itself is good  the mobile emulator is absolutely excellent for testing mobile websites	I downloaded it just so I could be different than the Get Fx buttons	Without Opera who would Chrome and Firefox extension developers have to rip off?	Well     Not as good as Firefox or Chrome  but better than safari and IE	Great browser  Dont personally use it for my main browsing though	Way too much focus on advanced stuff  Purportedly faster  but I havent seen any sigificant speed differences between Firefox & Opera	Definitely beats plugin overwhelmed Firefox and featureless Chrome	im big fan and supporter of this browser since early beggining and it growth to be likely most user friendy and community supported browser	So many features  and passing acid3  but its UI and its learning curve keep me from using it	Great browser  currently my browser of choice for OS X  Not as good as Chrome  but definitely a quality web browsing	An OK browser but Firefox and Chrome are better	I like its attempt to integrate all sorts of web tools into one app  The problem is its slow for me and the IRC part of it sucks  Ill stick to FF for now  :)	far from Chrome and Firefox   too  far	Makes me proud to be norwegian	The most user friendly and the best USERS browser ever!	Mobile version is good  but desktop isnt  Give me CSS3! border radius!	Opera needs less discrimination from some websites  They innovate	Private browsing may be still require improvement yet one of the best	I love using Opera to surf the net  Flexible Excellent Perfect  So many creativities	Sleek  fast  secure and comes with a ton of built in features  Win!	Always the leader when it comes to new features	Opera 10 10  while funky on some sites  actually works with most Google apps so far   But  the best is Opera 10 10s UNITE feature  brilliant	+ fast even on slower machines + awesome built in features + great mobile version   no addons   incompatible with a lot of websites   overwhelming interface	Opera is awesome! Fast  efficient  and does everything a browser should do  Opera are the leader in browser innovation  driving new features in browsers	long time user love it and stuck on the way it works tried chrome etc but dont really like them : )	the new opera is just kickass!! watch out chrome and safari!!	Just recently started using Opera  and have become a big fan  Anything with open development is always a good thing  in my opinion  Web 5 0 is their hi point	The 10 50 works with most sites  but some of my bookmarklets stopped working	Nice alternative browser		
337082	Been used this long time ago  but stopped  Because of slow streaming in my page	It cant compete with the likes of Last fm  Pandora and thesixtyone for me	annoying and hard to use  ive always been a last fm girl	This site Rock!  It can be a lot of fun  last fm works better for me  but this is still enjoyable   Join me at:  http://www imeem com/people/gePxA05	I can see the appeal  though dont use it much personally	imeem has the best feature set out of all of these	imeem is the place to find music of any style!!!	Just started using this  Great access to music  but navigating the site is difficult	Have been signed up for an hour  and still am yet to find a track or video that I am able to stream  Disappointing	Its ok  I always find songs before buying them	i love everysong come on	omq this is so fuckinq amazinq mane	JESUS IS LORD  HE LOVES YOU SO MUCH AND HE NEEDS YOU TO HAVE A RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM NOW COS HE CAN TAKE GOOD CARE OF YOU	You have to be a member and signed int to listen or upload stuff but I think it is still the best social networking sites :)	i used it too much till now it helps	Imeem is no more    its really too bad   Now I just use Grooveshark waiting for the next best thing	Imeem was a great site  Now it follows the path of MP3 com gobbled up by the media monster!	*sigh* i cant believe imeem is gone   i had so many favorite playlists	I am beyond pisstivity  id just created a beautiful Christmas list with all of motown on it  Im still waiting on my email from myspace about my playlists	OmG!! where can i find my NEW TUESDAY MUSIC ???!!! PLEASE HELP!!!	Ok  I used to totally love it  Now that I guess myspace bought it  it  SUCKS  I guess Ill find another music/video site that has not sold out to myspace	FUCK TOM! HE BOUGHT THE IMEEM WEBSITE ! FUCK! HE COMBINE! FUCK! TOM MYSPACE MUSIC IS FUCK! ONLY WANT MONEY! FUVK! MY PROFILE GONE SHIT ! MY ULOAD SONG! SHIT!	why is it that www imeem  com was gone  we love very much that site  please return it  ASAP	I Really loved that site  had some classic songs that i was going to download to cds  BUT like All good things  they must end  I really miss my Music tme why?	i like imeem much	Im incredibly sad that imeem was bought out  ;A; Myspace music is crap  I miss all the playlists I made  I lost all the stuff I uploaded too  > <	I hate that stupid myspace took over bad ass imeem  I cant locate none of my huge playlists that i had  This sucks!!! ):	hate that myspace has token over    dont get me wrong i have a myspace but it SUCKS ASS!!!	ilove it even though tom took over it alright i guess	Imeem was the best website  those pathetic moron myspace bullshit took over everything  I had my imeem account and now everything is gone Fuck myspace!!	 OUTSTANDING GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN  WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME?  AND TOOK MY PLAYLISTS?  NOW I HAVE TO START ALL OVER AGAIN	i really hate this bullshit site myspace i uploaded so many songs that now alls gone imeen was a great website and this guy tom gobbled everything	devapriya8i really like this site imeme	i cannot believe it took me MONTHS!!! to get my playlist on IMEEM   and now mySPACE doesnt even come remotely close for me to start OVER AGAIN     it sucks	Lost 80% of the songs on my imeem playlists    songs that came from imeem  I despise these myspace dipshts  The big question: What site replaces imeem the best?	I really miss the site  i hate the fact its with myspace now	Was really great before MySpace ruined it	I agree   it messed up my phone app	i hate it what the hell were these ppl thinking i really liked imeem if myspace was all that great then facebook wouldnt have takin over! come back to us IMEEM!	I simply hate the fact that my imeem account can not be loaded and also that the site is now part of that thing called my space   better to be part of facebook!	its a good way to chat n see wats up	i honestly have no idea wat it is	yes  i luv it becuz itz my 1st time on this site How do you know if youre talking to someone on here? huh just askin	MySpace took imeem and F it up!! I am pissed! Imeem was so nice  Did yall hear that the CEO just quit myspace today  He should feel bad what he did to imeem!	I simply hate the fact that my imeem account can not be loaded and also that the site is now part of that thing called my space   better to be part of facebook!	I hate imeem now! I cant see my favorite songs   I demand to get imeem back the way it was before	imeem was a truly outstanding service until it was gobbled up and utterly destroyed by MySpace last December  Thanks a lot  MySpace	i hate it so much           imeem is the best account that i ever had	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	It used to be good until something called Myspace took over  Blah  I prefer MP3s anyway	i hate immem being absorbed by myspace it was a nice site but now is worthless	i love imeem to share music videos photos and create playlist	i make me feel great	why does it take me to myspace what did they sell it to myspace or what?	i love imeem got hundreds of drum and bass tunes along with sum hardcore and some rap ive had imeem for ages now	No longer as useful as it used to be	ugh  its bought by myspace  im out	Loved it  I bemoan the loss of such a wonderful service  Goodbye imeem! Goodbye!		
347311	One of the best sites for free custom Twitter backgrounds  Recommended	Pretty  cool site!	Its ok  but for my current background Im using the old school Photoshop method	Easy to change backgrounds and you can personalize	Really simple and a lot of choice to give your Twitter page your own look and feel	Quick and easy way to create branded Twitter backgrounds	Yep  I love me and Im not afraid to say it	Extremely handy tool	I love to see custom Twitter backgrounds!	I use it daily :)		
393910	The best place to listen to long DJ sets  on demand  from amazing artists!	Best place to find music by top 100 DJs	I use this all the time  Fascinating website  great for discovering music thats not even out yet!	Great music from my favorite DJs and a really nice interface	An app I discovered moments ago  Im already hooked! This will certainly become one of my most frequently visited web sites!	OMG!!!!! this is just awesome!!!		
336659	Best photo sharing community	With a Pro account  Flickr is a useful tool and a great way of sharing your pictures  Its just a shame its so badly crippled if youre not willing to pay up	Peccato per laccount pro  che ancora non ho  Un servizio impeccabile e le integrazioni per le foto sono da lode	Great option for displaying photos with a vast community of photo lovers behind it  However  limitations on free accounts have increased a LOT over the years	Simply amazing photo hosting site	awesome and easy to use photo sharing site  some great stuff!	The mother that birthed a new web generation  Oh yeah  it has nice pictures  too	Bom  apesar de eles terem parado com as novidades    Acho que precisa melhorar	great photo tool for professional photographer and families	I dont know which platform will be the best place to share the crisp clear photos none other than Flickr itself	Simply the best photo storage service online  Unfortunately the cost seem to keep some users away though  which really is a shame since its worth every nickel	use it sporadically as i dont dont upload many photos  best of all the photo sites with the best community too  lovely looking interface	This photo sharing site and community is epic awesomeness   Well designed  simple   The photo feed format reigns supreme	UI is golden  Almost always find what Im looking for  I personally dont share photos there however	Easy to use  easy to navigate and even easy to upload   What isnt there to love?	Amazing website for sharing photography	Best place for Photo sharing  Great Privacy Controls  Thanks for its API heaven and greasemonkey plugins	Best photo storage system	Easily the best photo sharing site out there   Love its community type features   I upload mainly to here	Flickr is the site that I find myself spending hours on without meaning to have even signed in  Its incredible  My strongest addiction on the web	with having posted over 6000 photos and just bought 2 more years of pro account i am a flickr addict and love it to bits x x x	Really addictive   Great way to share and view photos	Flickr is a great way to share photos online  Probably the best that Ive seen yet	good as it was growing  still serves its main purpose  a big harddrive  bad social functionality	A great place to share your photos and get tips from those you meet  It is easy to discover truly incredible images and photographers and interact with them	i have every photo ive every made (less the nude shots) here	Great resource for photo sharing and exploring	Picasa Web Albums is Way Much Better  then it   Flickr  $uck$	Great way to store and share photos  Also fun to explore photographs from others	It just works exactly like it should!	I like the interface   easy to use  to find images and to comment  Very clean site and usually fast loading	Im a big fan  but really miss the olden days of Caterina  Stewart  George  Cal and the other people who invented flickr  FlickrLive4Eva! (yes that was lame)	Best photo sharing site bar none!  Really clean & simple interface that lets you explore photos without distractions	Best photo sharing site ever	Of all the photo sites I use  Flickr is by far my favorite	best place to share photos!	Prefer Picasa any day	My love for photography mixed with my love for social media  rolled up into one	one of the best photo media sites ive ever come across  i urge everyone to get at least the free account if not the pro account  Its worth it by the way	its got the good stuff  nudes  nakes and tasteful smut	The best way to share pictures online! The groups dont work at all the way I would like them  but as a photo sharing site  pretty much unbeatable!	One of the most loved tools  I really do not mind paying for a professional account as it is really worth it	I really like this service but I do use other photo services as well  to give it a love it rating I would have to not really touch others	love it   have had a pro account for 4 years now	I love being able to store my own images  as well as see what the world has shared	Flickr changed my life! Thanks Px	The best tool for pictures	A bit messy in the design  but without doubt  the best place to store pics on the web! + iPhoto syncage = Ace	Im so glad not to have to put stuff in hardcopy any more	Think its nice to store your pics	best photosharing site out there  regardless of the fact that it costs 24 bucks a year to go pro	nice site for to share photo !and find also	I have over 15000 photos up on Flickr and have enjoyed it since nearly the beginning   Ive made sales  been part of collages and found a great photo community	Late adopter and a huge fan	the best photo sharing site out there	The best thing about flickr is its large community  If youre looking for a picture  flickr is better than google   for sure  Not the best photo sharing site	flickrs speed iz suck at my place	Flickr & Flickrs desktop uploader Great App  for any photographer  Improved Slideshow functions are clever & professional	Fav photo sharing site!	Very cool photo sharing site	good but the limits placed on a free account are annoying	use it as often as I take pics   nice feedback from others too	Flickr is a cool photo sharing site   Check it out http://bit ly/GwoAa	I like the interface when it comes to organizing  Lets you upload vids too!	Wow this has allowed for countless of amateur photographers to post their beautiful art	excellent photo sharing website  learn and improve your photography skills while youre at it	I dont use it much for storing photos  but for finding good photos  it is a gem  However  the search isnt great	Flickr is my dairy in photos	simple and almost elegant  I love the recent feature integrating a Twitter notification	I really like flickr	kinda nice page	Simple  elegant  effective and a great community  Beats all other photo sites by miles	Im not a huge flickr user  but its multiple photostreams have certainly proven useful as part of my wifes business  Also  easy mobile uploads	I havent used flickr to upload photos but this is a clean website and it has a great UI  Best photo hosting and sharing site so far	ugly site setup needs to be updated	One stop photo storage	The best public picture sharing site	Cool site for sharing pics  but API needs work  ; )	prefer Tumblr as it is faster  but Flickr is handy	Il mio primo vero social network  Flickr was my first social network	Love this photo site  Easily my favorite thus far	I had a Yahoo! account for it  so    (I dont use it much  but used to)	Great photo sharing service  the only Yahoo product that isnt total crap	hi Dear you have seen transformers on the big screen then  we have Knight Rider on the small screen   Check this www dramarama in/?um=84	Flickr is a very powerful tool especially if your are trying to optimize images  If your a photographer or tattoo shop you can embed a widget on you website!	The is the coolest place to get your photos on the web  You can see my photos at www flickr com/photos/13ideas	I want to put some of the photos on my facebook page   Someone please direct me step by step thanks	great concept for storing/sharing/organizing/finding photos but they just dont do enough to try to continue to improve upon the user experience	Great concept  We use it all the time	Im not a photographer and I dont really upload pictures but a lot of the other pictures that people upload can be pretty cool	Flickr  where to start    Much more social than google images  but sometimes has less relevant results   This is better for a laugh or personal pictures	Great to find new interesting or funny photos  but you dont get much space unless you pay $25/year	Great  but clunky  Would like to see Facebook style photo layout (click for next etc) and more space for free accounts	Love looking at pictures on the map	Flickr is THE photo sharing	Best one out there  I just need to use it more	Simplicity  user friendliness  got to use more	The best Yahoo property	Good capability for groups to share photos!	Who doesnt love flickr?	I like flickr  I just wish theyd have a more realistic upload limit for the free account  What they give isnt very much	cool  very cool  I am new here exploring	Could you imagine: A wolrd without flickr?	Easy to find good pictures and also using it for mine  :)	It leaves me cold and confused  Could not print it	I hate it it never works for me and to hard to use i want something simple not all weird	I love the picnik integration!	Its great place where family can come together& share photos	i quite like this it is cool and easy to use but it does not have to many feachers	great place for inspiration	I love it and I know its gonna be great meeting and chatting with new people from all walks of life	Not as hot on it as I was a year ago  Took the premium due to the upload limit  but never used it  Pro lapsed wont be renewing it  Something needs sorting out	Wish AT&T customers had free pro accounts  No wonder AT&T ranks last in customer satisfaction	lame version of blippr	hola mi facebook es jeferssonmoradimate ok bay	Still great for storing and sharing your photos and videos	still getting the hang of things but getting better & better !!	I used Flickr for the first time recently and like the results   Looking forward to learning more about all functions   =D	Still do not use Flickr to its full potential   but love it none the less  So many uses  so little time!	Try starlonline com  I like it more! Theres something like a personal catalog	Its great to think of how much Flickr helps the effort to photograph and index everything  With better maps and more display options it would be perfect	I used to use Flickr all the time but after my Pro membership lapsed  I found myself using Picasa more because of the offline and online capabilities	great platform for photos!	Thanks people for inventing Flickr  I can now show my pictures to the world	Love for compatibility with social networks	only photo upload service I really use	Just love it  XD	Keeps the eye candy coming	Some people do not respect the creative commons    :(	Great for sharing photos	Whilst it offers a site for hosting photography  in terms of searching for images  Google is better	I never upload anything there  all my stuff goes to facebook  But my friend who actually takes GOOD pictures uploads them here and its nice to have the pixels	flickr is a great place to share and discover some very awesome photography	Amazing photo gallery service!  Lots of features for free  but everyone should totally upgrade to pro (like I should ^_^)	Dude whats up with 200 pic upload limitation things    thats so lame    I like Picasa way better! but I still have account  cus Its popular	Got a lot going on   Really awesome   Needs faster servers and to break up with yahoo	At times I wish the design could be better  still very cool place to post up pictures	saves you a lot of work	Great for online photo sharing  I dont like the reduced capacity    but I get a free Pro account anyway! :D	pic sharing is good	Good sharing site  useful for pictures I want to share to the whole world  otherwise I use facebook	I could say that I love it    but I use a few    so few    that I dont have enough words because the experience is minim    I think it required time  many time	I like it  But the free account just allow 200 and then the rest cant be found anywhere  And 10 photos for groups are very little	hi i am shoaib ali jaan khokhar my cont 00923072577078	I could spend all day on Flickr  If you like artwork and photography  you really havent lived until youve been here	Oh I so love Flickr!It has certainly grown by leaps n bounds last 1 year!The amount of talent on Flickr is staggering Not just professionals but amateur n casua	Clean UI and great extensability  Publishing and organising is a lot of fun  Pro account is cheap and worth it  Free account is very limited	Just signed up for pro I like it that much :) Need I say more?	I have pro  AT&T has flickr on uVerse  so it shows up on my TV  and that I really enjoy	Flickr and Picasa go hand in hand  both allow a satisfying user experience but more importantly  they allow online exposure and pagerank algorithms at play	Flickr is the best photo sharing service with the best community !	Whats not to love?  Great community  easy to use    and fun!	Flickr is the best place for all of your pictures (and small videos)! Its very good to share your things with other people!	no that good in comparison to other image services but good enough :)	watch free movies on http://www movies links cc	pretty nice stuff  great community  Google Picasa is way better	Aside from varying levels of integration within sites such as Newsvine and Ravelry  theres few practical aspects to this service without a paid membership	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	It is an alright and cheap way to share pictures  The interface is sometimes so so	the sole reason i have a yahoo account  so far  king of photo sites  bonus: blog/tweet photos	Its my favourite social web app	ah aah waooh  i like photos	There are so many wonderful photos on Flickr  It sucks though that you have to pay to post more than 200 pictures	Very nice looking  lots of pictures  best for your own pictures	flicker is self proclaimed share photos online I like it	I really really like it	Looks cool  if only you could browse the best pictures	Great website! Storing and sharing your photos has never been easier!	STUPID!!!! I would love to talk to a Flickr user in all intent to try to get them to get me to use it	bagus untuk mencari foto/gambar  tapi aku tidak menggunakannya	one of my favourite  very nice website for collecting and sharing photoes~	I love it and like it too  sanjv		
337627	I use skype every day   would be lost without it	Useless  In France  phone calls have been free to dozens of countries for years  including US and Canada mobile phones	its cool  but probably works best when both users have fast internet and clear webcams	Throw away your phone  its redundant	Im not a big Skype person	Great concept   poorly executed  No integration with social networks/chat IM clients  A little pointless	Ive never really used it but it looks a very useful app	went back to it recently   seems to be working out ok	its so smoth and nice    I love ite	Fun to use  but uses up a lot of bandwidth	Pretty cool idea  but I cant get it to recognize my webcam  Other than that though its nice and convenient	Calling other people from the computer is a great idea	though too few people from my place use it	Like it =) One of the cool apps	Best VoIP app	So convenient to live in the other side of the word and could call relatives even to another phone/mobile paying minimum or for free if also in Skype	Cool way to stay in touch!	I love Skype! Most of the time  I communicate with my parents through it	When it comes to using skype its a dream come true! I can collaborate with all my coworkers  friends  and family So get on skype and get connected!!!	Whats life without skype!	Its useful as long as people you know are on it  we use it at work to talk with remote colleagues	the best way to contact people around globe	good one    but what to do if everyone i know only uses WLM?	connected to my death :) the best app ever	Very useful tool for voip and video chat  Unfortunately it charges you to call landlines	Light  Fast  User friendly  Best Instant messaging and VoIP software EVER!	Interface is not the same for MAC OS so I miss all the nifty tools available on my XP laptop   Other than that the sound quality if very good	I like playing Bejeweled Blitz on Facebook	I use it to talk to talk to family living internationally and as my main video conference application	i like it cux i can talk to my family and friends when im not with them and it makes me happy and enjoyable!!!	A WONDERFUL invention! It allows for conversations and real time interaction without cost  It works well for personal and business use; from pictures to s sheet	Its very importent for all of people to make nice relationship for all kinds of personal or official needs	its a great source of communication & staying in touch with friends & family	Once THE way to communicate  They need to unbloat this App  When it works  it works well	Great cross platform video chat  Its fun to see who youre talking with; many Ham radio operators use it  thats how I knew about it  Hams know the good stuff!	Communication without problems  Calls  chats  files   all worldwide and for free!	Used SKYPE for the first time this year and love it   I am totally hooked and look forward to extending my connections!  =D	Great for talking to your friends around the world for free!	nice messenger for chating	sickest thing ever!!! I hope this will become more popular in the future!	probably the best voip service out there	I am always telling other about Skype! Everyone in my house has their own account! If you use paypal though  only 1 paypal account per skype account	talk    talk   and talk some more :)	my friends were using skype  i want to enjoy it	tried skype years ago from my desktop on Linux  worked fine but cooling fan noise was a problem  wont be an issue on a blackberry	its cheaper fast and convinient	Probably one of the better chat programs out there these days	Its good  Cant help feeling it could do more though	The best thing for international calls  As Long as you dont mind wearing a headset :)	This has been a must for my business! I love it! Get a good headset and its wonderful!	best video and voice chat in whole world	Its the Clearest online Voice available all over the world		
336658	The fact YouTube is the biggest online video site is its greatest strength and biggest weakness  Theres some great stuff to watch  but it gets swamped by crap	Personally I dont use YouTube to post videos  but I love watching what other people have posted on there	I dont add videos  but I sure do enjoy watching them	Its kind of overloaded with crap and spam  and why does it make all the videos in to such bad quality?	I love youtube  if youre ever looking for some kind of video clip  youtube has it!	Is YouTube really only 4 years old?? Some funny stuff on here  but I never really go on unless I receive a link   theres just too much to sort through	Its a HUGE WORLD for videos You just name it  IT will play it	Well the community could use some work  but when youre the most popular video service on the web youre bound to attract some kids  Great video sharing service	One of the best sites on the web  I havent had cable for two years because of YouTube :) Now  if I could just find the repeat playback option	the best video site ever   you can find any video on it     it is one of my favorite sites that I cant live without :D	very good site BUT sinking slowly  lots of accounts being banned for copyright violations  could be the beginning of the end for youtube	Your opinion of this app in 160 characters or less	I dont dislike just dont use  Only when my husband makes me watch something  Not my cup o tea	Those who founded this site  they are just the best  I just love this site	I dont use youtube a lot  But i think this is one of the best websites on the web	Its suffering the demise of every popular site on the web   It gets to be so loaded with crap it ceases to become useful or fun anymore	Days and days of mindless entertainment :D	YouTube is a place for porn! theres tons of it    and they dont care    they should remove all of their bs instead of some cool videos	Life is YouTube  love it	Used to be better before all the crap of cutting music videos	good is getting better   the horrendous display quality of some of it is annoying	Still finding more of the funnier amateur stuff here	Whats more? simple but enrichment!	Cant really say anything about youtube that hasnt already been said  It rocks    Just dont like the muting theyve been doing to some vids  :/	Only founded in 2005 unbeliveable   what hasn`t been said before  better than sticking 2 stalings up your nose  you could find that if you really tried!!	Too much content  Yes  TOO much and TOO poor quality of content	Even though theyve started removing music videos from the UK on YT its still the video site I go to first	In the earlier days  it was the biz  but its thrown up some questions around premium content so its either way	I use it a lot  but there is 0 quality control	I like it (specially the HD option)  but I am not an avid user	Best site to find anything on video   Ive been a member for nearly 3 years and Ive never had any complaints	Theres a lot of great videos out there  but the quality is not filtered well  Buffering works better than all of the other video sites Ive used	It needs to be better moderated  Children viewing their favourite cartoon characters do not need to be subjected to adult themed dubbed videos  Do you agree?	All the copyright shit is getting to be a bit ridiculous  I still use it constantly  but its getting annoying	I just love it because its awesome!	being able to customize my channel with a background image; creating as video comment    such tools are terrific	Probably the biggest site for videos  but its becoming harder and harder to find videos that havent been taken down for one reason or another	Great video site!	cool stuff to find on utube  thou i like vimeos ui better	so great vids but some garbage also	my surfing experience would suffer without youtube	Stop with flash bad quality and go to divx web player! >(	Another all pervasive service  Too bad the social networking functions totally sucks	There are some really great clips available across a lot of genres and the saving of favourites has got much better in recent years	You Tube can take a flying youknowwhat over the White house Rose Garden during a press conference    ever since they got bought out by google they suck	Made a great movie and then it was given to a friend as a gift!	I dont like the community at all  The only reason that this is staying at a like is because some people make good videos (*some* people)	Best archive of video ever	The primary reason I dont have cable	Great site  genius moments	Great Site     Are some rude things on it though :(	One word describes it: great :D	Most famous streaming service website  but they deleted some Athene videos	So good in so many ways  but now abuse of DMCA  false flagging  votebotting  arbitrary suspensions  deals with media cabals   sort it out YT!!!	def luv u tube	anything u want   fast and fun	the best video sharing site around	Not as great as hulu  but hours of fun  nonetheless	All things are in it which i want to see Its having great fun with it	li like it & it looks good	lion catch bufffalo	i like <a title=youtube izlesene video izle  videolar href=http://www youtubetc com/>youtube</a> very much	Visit it almost as often as Google   One of my fav websites!	Good one  The mobile version is also awesome	hell yeah     i love youtude  lol;)	i love youtub3 b3caus3 it hav3 th3 b3st songs on the w3b	Nothing like it  Love the tunes	youtube as a technology is ok  but vimeo is better   youtube as a culture is the internets anus   at least 4chan has cultural significance	Where you can catch raw talent  motivation  up and coming  already famous folks at this is the place to go	its so funny i piss miself laughfin sometimes	i like it i because none my email my friend and my family!	nothing much to say    i just like you tube videos      :D	I just joined to=night    I think it will be interesting	first time on the website so i hope i like it	You can waste so much time here	bAgo to! La Qu mGaWa eehh!!	i love it its so cool there you get big scoop outs	Full of features unparalleled by other video hosting sites  but plagued with low quality vids and spam	I love it because there are some sexy vedios	like it is like a a radical like!	pleasure to watch hot videos  so I love very much	Great way to relive favorite TV moments	i like it?i am one of close freind for you tube not only freind but also as like as familier i like verry much this website and those poeple who like this webs	It is really hard to find anything decent on it  the lack of real programming also hurts it  Can still be fun  but just difficult to find it	Community full of idiots   Community makes it full of videos of all kinds  including tutorials and just funny videos   Bloated layout	it is essential to democracy by allowing the world to witness things online that they would find abhorrent in real life   and to protest those things	I love it alot its very reliable!	this ia really georgous   i love it!	i luvvvvvvv it its just brillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll	share of revenue to content CREATORS   everyday people doin stupid stuff   should b 98% USER  2% PLATFORM look up user as content conversation as content	I really like it! but I truly love to have more than 10 min and a more elegant UI	loving this alot!  It people didnt like this they would not be on here   Good looking out!	Who doesnt love YouTube? It has every video you want to see!	i havnt special think	becaz i find every thing form ther	Good for videos  but the ads have made it a complete mess	HI FRIENDS DO YOU LIKE MOVIES	jfajfja;jf;jl;dfja;dfaj;dfanv  vncvn  nvvafjdfn	YouTube is losing to eBaums World over at Coffee Cake  I think they can still win it  http://coffeecakeextravaganza blogspot com/	HI THIS IS SATYA REDDY JUST NOW I ADDED	Too much ads  sometimes slow and sometimes bad quality  Vimeo is better	youtube  is by far the best site on the planet    i wake up youtube and your there I sleep and your right next to me	love the funny ones	Really The God Father of Streaming Videos	Just the best video streaming site  Everything is on it	Good video site  banned in China	Ive no words to say        I love it        Totaly out standing	it is very informative    what i want to ask  itreplied   wonderful	How do you sum up YT in 160 char? Its a great video sharing website that is integrated with other social networking sites  Have to sift thru a lot of crap tho	Great way to meet people and share opinions    a true global community	Excellent way to procrastinate  as long as you ignore the rage inducing crime against language that is the comment section	Whenever I have a problem solving something  I turn to YouTube!	Its fun and u share differences	Its all about sharing knowledge for me   Whenever need some quick tips/steps just visit it and almost all times you will get something related	Has the most content  but Flash lets it down  HD video on my MacBook lags terribly  while playing 1080p in QuickTime is smooth  Flash is not optimized ><	i was loving it till google came and messed it up =(	Id a YouTube account since July 22 2008!! I love YouTube and nothing could ever replace it!! :D	Best site on the net!	Brilliant  Ground breaking	Addicted to it like everybody!	whatever you want is in it  but comments are usually bad  lots of insults between users	el mejor sitio de videos	Larger and more user friendly than any other video site out there	I spend so much time at it  i forget time completely sometimes	It can be a timewaster  but it sure is necessary for the internet to move forward	i love i t very much diezmop you tube ok	Its fun xiciting & keeps one in tha know of embarassing things people come up wit every single day	this is the coolest site ever! lovin it!!!	followed by vimeo the best video store out there	My main source of videos may it be for reference or entertainment	i like youu tube	I love sexy girals	its the juggernaut of web video	Best place for web video hands down  Youll find some of the best content on the web on YouTube	love to how tos best place for short video clips	I cant believe I didnt find this before  I dont know where I was when BJ Thomas was at the top of his game I guess they didnt show videos then like now	i am gonna celabrate my favorite holaday	sin banderas si tu no estas	it is good site for video communication	its unfreakingbelieveable am glad ive joined the group of happy faces	Great website for online video!	Its fantastic! It has a lot of fun things I love it!!!	need more laughs feelin dwn	won der ful	An 87    SERIOUSLY!! THEE best time waster  lol site  and beyond in existence	I think you tube is  the best site for entertainment as well asknowledge	i love it becaus is a pleac weher i can  find many thingis an i don*t now its aswesom	west ham v millwall videos	i love youtube more than my girl friend more anything you said i love it	i love it like my lover	it make me happy        make me have more friend      best	YouTube is Googles best acquisition ever	its so great best of luck!	 Its Amazing and    Its amazing and I like it	al franken speaks to health care protesters	geast need it in school :P	duh  the only way to share vids online as far as Im concerned	too awsome to not mess with for hours	You tube has always been my favouriote social network site  I just love it	i will like to experiment some more and send results?	trying this for first time got any advice	Great video sharing tool	I HAVE JUST JOIN IT SO I HAVE RIGHT NOW NO REVIEW	YouTube is great for both blurry videos and mind crushingly stupid user comments  Highly recommended!	YouTube is a good venue for training like OilPainting examples	soomaliland figthing for sarvifelw	99 99% trash and distraction plus the ego driven drivel  When I had nothing else to do I would look at youtube  Now I talk to people	i like how i can listen to any music and watch and music video on the web without downloadin the song on ur computer	YouTube is awesome  But still need to give a lot of free services	youtube is awsome becaus it just is	its even better now after google bought it  playlists are very useful  shortcuts to go full screen etc	Its a pity that they are at a loss tho  :D	The original TUBE on the Web :)	I Like youtube cause I can get something I need	i m a new person on it so it think it are so far	A web 2 0 pioneer  Was the reason I reinstalled flash	There are some really great vids on there that you cant find anywhere else  But the SD vids are still pathetic quality even by todays standards	extraordinary matter in proper order  thanks for the services	lil wayne baby mama	I love you like me want kisses my name is rasheem lip kiss lip hello so	so far  its the best:)	i am very sweet and charming girl waiting some one who care me   I like it	great way to get ur msg a x  helps generate views&sharing  sticky  now a good way to search   like to watch what other ppl r watchi	i dont know anything because this is my first time getting on this website	channels like chris pirillos and TEDs make youtube a daily must visit website  or may be more than once a day!	i like to fly with my girl  but no girl friend	Needs work  other services like vimeo are much more superior  But youtube works	good bonding experience	i love you tube  nkkatanggal stress!!	I am always love this site	i love it becuase its cool	fg;ljkd;gvmclv;bjml;dfmvb;ldfkvblc;mbvl;cvcmvcm;lcmv cmxv;lmcvl;mdf;lvmc;xlvmcl;vkcl;vmcvmcl;mv cmv;l	I think blippr is cool!!!!!!!!!	Nadeem Hussain Solangi (Distt:News Editer Shahdadkot	Huge amount of content  Most of the content is usefull  funny and interesting  I use it for music search  tutorials and lots of other things	hiiii  u all  happy diwali	i love pepole and like	i like and love sssssoooooooooo much	i like youtube coz it give us alot of information	I want to love a beautiful girl but she out of sight me	I LOVE MOVES ALL KIND OFF MOVES	youtube is mindblowing you can have all what you want keep it up UT	hahaha    hidup pnuh warna	I like you tube because you can find some pretty cool stuff  but at the same time it can be pretty bad  Oh  well I guess thats just life in general	it is a very good site to share something that is forbidden in some countries because of the laws and regulations	it is quite amazing that someone did not think of it before	i lke it   good method to know more	Its a important site to share visual information	What a wonderful site to pass the time	oh yeah  I dont have TV   cable    so  we use this	because there are many information i needs to know	its all good another way of communicting	best of the rest in the west	grestfg jssztrzz 6sru65 i76rrrrrui	I love to see all the creative things people like me put together  I also love to upload my vids  Great source of how tos!	  I love it because i get all informations on old songs and old pictures and old bhajans	Check out my videos at http://www youtube com/ruthgreene	Its Great  easy access to lots of videos especially old school content  Plus  its also a good tool to keep up with viral fads	Your opinion of this app in 160 characters ohttp://www blippr com/home/edit/servicesr less	i am manoj i am srilanka  i am good man	like the random crap	i love this sweet baby	i like being able to get on the computer	if that boy is the drug u are addicted to let him go and if he comes back then it was ment to be but if not then let him go becuzz its not worth it	Youtube easy to find/view videos you want to watch! Easy to upload aswell  nice theme easy on the eyes! Everyone Loves YT	i love your tube is leading people to so many latest videos	I lurve it    as long as it can show me what i want to see from this website   heehehhe	Its the best thing to spend time on  I will never be board again	youtube is on of the best websites ever!	hello everyone im new 2 you Tude can i get sum help on how 2 do this!	i like youtube very much	hell yeah i love it	very very good the guys A star	this is the shit did u hear of carmen winstead that shit is horriblie wrong aint it this is so fucking bad these hoe push that inisint girl man that shit is cra	Although 95% of all the videos suck its still fun	A combination of video sharing and socializing is what makes it great  plus theres a lot of ways to customize it	lots of videos  easy to use and love the channels feature	i love checking the music on here	siiiiiiiicko learn loads	i like it becouse it made for yung generation	yes ilove you tube	MUY  BUENA  PREJA	i love it  some of the things r so funny	What would I had done in my free time without this site!?	thats the idea  there is nothing out there to blip!	http://www youtube com/user/ADONAI888HASHEM Custom made for blippr SHALOM PEACE 2010	Full of idiotic children who think every video is gay  What the fuck? How can a song/game/movie be mother fucking gay!	Mnogo volim you tube	game changer for video   continues to push the boundaries of the online video realm with forward thinking user tools  as well as  advertising oportunities	My son  of all people  introduced me to You Tube   From that point  I visit almost daily   Sumthing 4 all  Looking forward to learning more about all functions	great source of entertainment!	YouTube is by far my fave site  How did I ever live without it??	When WMG  VIACOM  and all these other big companies stepped in YouTube started going down hill   YouTube Brodcast Yourself HA! More like go fuck yourself	slamat tahun baru  smoga bangsa indonesia smakin sejahtar ga ada kerubtan yg sudah2      & smoga tidak ada lagi kricuhan soal agama    bye abew (m syamsu)	Endless entertainment and information	A perfect example of what happens when you open up a platform too much	An extensive site for video makers and video watchers alike  A drawback is the lack of quality of a lot of the posts	Getting worse and worse  but still the best	Its so cool you can see other people form around the world  but there is so many hateful people being rude	wow pretty aswome its the best geanus thing someone maid new artist are found on it and i think also that others think the same thing to	My name is Lakeisha Deann Evans i live in Zachary La and i think youtube is very helpful	im widyt   i very like youtube   it makes me know all about songs	haha youtube is the fugghin best	Its like a Bank within Music	This is my first day but i love it already   Its quick and easy to use  WOOHOO at last lol	hay this is me and i wont to now  if you got a girlfrined	LOVE IT!!!! IM A YOUTUBE FREAK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Plenty of videos to watch   This video site is dominant to the internet and is a great place to watch and share videos   How ever  it has been getting worse : (	Ultimate destination of videos	 I like it because its quick and easy to use	The Best and Funnest stuff in the World is on You Tube!	Fuckin you tube now requires that you sign up via google  you can only sign up for googly by providing your cell phone number     I refuse to give them my cell	fck da shyt jaja	YouTube is one of those sites that you cant live without nowadays  it has everything youll ever need	like listening to tunes xx	cool for browsing(and so many more)  but I would use vimeo to upload my original works	you cant download the vids you like and if it was copyright in the first place why!! did you take so dam long to stop it  the NEW  Youtube SUCKS!!!	my main video resource	i just like it and also can also learn from it :)	Love it down to the fact that they tell you which company is blocking you from watching videos on their site   Epic pwn	Best break from work  Thumbs up!	Prinze Purple Rain	   excited na sana   but hndi nmin npanood	say wats up dis ya gurl shea bad azz	I would love it if it wasnt so !@#$ing slow   I cannot watch a god damn video anymore and they dont care   Screw YouTube   Filing a complaint to the BBB soon	Hours of my life  gone  But its great to be able to see that you dont have to spend millions of dollars to make something worth watching  Look out Hollywood	I find some interesting stuff there always !!	New HD video capability is really exciting!	Like testing my dreams and some times works for me	I feel gud about it n its cool	There are some great videos on here    and with on demand TV its fantastic    when more films are on here then I doubt it will be beaten!	what is life with out a little blip	Get Charlynne Ringtones Live Chat Video Promo Mp3 Mobile Graphics and More! http://www myspace com/lynneking1	if it wasnt for YouTube   lots of people would have died due to internet boredom	Youtube does well  and does not make me get bored on facebook more especially when im sirfing	Very useful for finding pretty much ANYTHING you want  including anything you may have missed out on! The comments tend to suck a lot on certain things  though	Very good service and site usability  but if cancel 10min limit per video  it will be better!	Not bad for young with Mississippi roots	I like to chat with charlynne c youtube on blippr	I luv You tube  here u can find all type of videos	Ive seen more functional video players  but the amount of content cant be beat	I use it daily :) love youtube forever !	i love it very very much nice to have some fun even to see those little kids singing theyre such cute with the nice voices	http://www youtube com/watch?v=QkuntgxP3TU	i like it     i can find here some i need   tahnks Utube	I love to be able to see things other do very interesting and love to see the atvs	Need I say more than Love it! Spent hours and hours and hours of time on this website	i love it where else can you go and get whatever you want from music	You tube is it  the other day I was listening to alternative music of the 80 s  such as the Chamelions echo And The BunnyMen and Exct    blew my mind!   ro	like it because i get to listen to some of my favorite musics	An awesome site to check out videos  Also useful for education sometimes  Failblog channel is my personal favourite	I LIKE IT BECAUSE EVERYTIME A NEW SONG CUMS OUT ITS ON THERE AND U CAN LEARN DANCES	oits gggrrreeaattttt bobbyj900b@yahoo com	I liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiike it is popular in our country	i love it because u can listen to allmost every song on there	There is not a leaderboard for most rated or most viewed videos    but its still great!	hey this is faith purdy and jayla hughes was up homiesjay	I think you tube is hott!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	How could someone not love YouTube? It has its flaws  but its still great!	i like because to control mood	i con t stop thinkking abot u	Now that is has safety settings I will use it	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	you tube the better opption	i love it itz coolll	i dont like this dumb shit!!!!	Follow me on twitter:  http://www twitter com/apurvgourav	YHVH at last     GODs GLOBAL  video SHOUT    set to music the many faces of the Redeemer including today    ADONAI888HASHEM    YouTube ALPHA GOD INCARNATE	I love it so much because it makes me so happy n excited	the most entertaining website!! all of us would have been so deprived without it!	its k i just like to watch the vids	I like YouTube but there is alot of crap/junk on there  On the other hand there is tons of useful  informational and funny videos on there	nice  iko poa	I like youtube  if only there was a way to get on it at school    Stupid indestructible FireWall	Nothing is not privet in our world  News made by people	Who doesnt love YouTube?	i am a doctor (M D Chest) Allopath cum homoeopath cum 19 alternative  therapy expert youtube is a great place for me to share to learn educate www drjaswant com	pretty good  still a couple of things could be improved: better sound quality! Also full of stupid people and lack of artistic side  vimeo is way better!	I dont actually like youtube  but it has an unmatched amount of content	i enjoy it but still needs some improving	Its a great media format	i love it because its cool in style easy to use its connect us with world and its macho	u tube is the leader of online video and I like its videos Number one in the world of videos	I love you tube because I can look songs that I like best	How to download YouTube videos (including HD videos) ?  YouTube Download program for all free users   http://www youtube downloads 110mb com/  How big it	i can download and upload my videos	So far You tube is the best For me  proof me otherwise!	The only video site I use  because its got videos for just about anything	youtube is whats up now  since i see thats what the musics about    thanks u tube!!!	I LOVE YOUTUBE IT IS ALSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Starting a new day  Starting a new life  Starting a new page  In the Endless Book of Life	I like youtube because i had learnedfrom it	we will broadcast the birth of Samanthas puppies on or about 4/18/2010	i love its because i can share everything liek knowledge comedies and life	Best video sharing platform  But too slow  I cannot watch a video without waiting during watching it	i like it but not fully satisfy with you tube speed of you tube sight is very slow	i have spent so much time on youtube its not even funny	its realy good  great videos	YouTube  Very good service  YT FTW!	oh i love it becuse it is amusing	Great service! There is a video to suit your every mood!	Everything from fun clips  trailers  music videos and video game walkthroughs to serious debates  lectures and documentaries	I LOVE IT =) MY YOUTUBE PROFILE IS 06geord  SOME GOOD VIDEOS THERE! RATE AND SUSCRIBE!!	De lo mejor que hay xD	tempat pertama untuk mencari video di internet	m  14 I Love it for Fun clips etc & more	Nothing to say  except awesome!!!	lindsay needs to get over herself  theres more than one in the world	you tube is the right place to be	YouTube is the top social media innovation of the decade! I love it and use it daily!	Foresure the time u decide; by then u can  life never ends by onething i e person  problem    etc life should go on everyday there should be something new	Who doesnt like YouTube?  Yeah  theres a lot of crap on it  and it can be glitchy  but if your subscribed to the right people  can be a good way to burn time	M GUST@ musho y p4s4n muy buen0s videos	I love the tunes  the videos are sometimes all too enjoyable	steve austin is hottie to me	Use it everyday as a business resource and also to keep up to date with the comedy clips and videos that are out there	If Im online  Ive probably been to Youtube at least once  Great stuff  A must have	I love it   me gusta   encuentro una fuente inagotable no solo de musica  pero tambien de expresiones culturales y mas	stressed is a desserts in life   without it you cannot move on	IT is AMAZING you can watch anything you like posted by others its like a tv but you can watch lots of videos and clips and you can watch moviews and tv shows	Best creation since the toilet	yap I leke it little bit of  sanjiv		
337626	Another Microsoft product  They locked my account for no reason  I would go with Skype  or Yahoo Messenger  Hate it!	It tends to clog up my machine but for some reason I prefer WLM over Pidgin and other free alternatives	Tried other programs but keep coming back to WLM because it is the best	Even in my mac i receive cancer messages from infected windows PCs  Why not use skype? Real improved voice and file sharing  BTW  skype channels rules	i love this amazin idea and i jst cant get enough of it !	My first Instant Messenger and I have never looked back since  every year brings more features or design updates	Windows Live Messenger is  for me  indispensable and a must to get the best experience for e mail and chatting with your friends	very good   use it on Blackberry and desktop	I dislike it because MSN is so important in everyday life but the software is bulky and non efficient  And theres still no satisfying substitute on Mac  Damn!	Its a decent chat client  I still use it mainly because a majority of my friends use it	Its not the best and its got too much to it   but it works well and is popular  so its ok	i day i open cmpter  hahaha  u is my friend thanks		
336657	A very powerful and feature rich blogging system (or even a mini CMS) which is a joy to use  You can do almost anything with it  I definitely recommend it	Definitely a powerful tool for bloggers and Web designers alike  but be prepared for one heck of a learning curve if you want to make your own themes	Best blogging software ever!	Quick and easy to use  its great for the blogger with little technical knowledge  very user friendly with lots of customization options	If you want the most robust blogging platform  this is it  I prefer Tumblr for simplicitys sake  but I think Wordpress is incredible	A great way to blog!	You can build any type of site with this thing and all its plug ins	Im still a fan of blogger but I do enjoy WordPress too	Use WP everyday for work and personal blogging  would be lost without it	I depend on WordPress for work     it does the job : )	I started blogging with Wordpress on the recommendation of a friend   Ive grown to love its flexibility and Ill be sticking with it for the long haul!	The only blogging platform Ive found that works just as well as a full fledged CMS  Couldnt get by without it	Ive tried a couple other blogging platforms but none can compare to WordPress and the opensource community behind it!	wouldnt use anything else  but blogging is becoming very 2005	The self hosted option is the best in the biz  Easy to use with tons of templates and plugins available !	Worlds best CMS   Love it!	Ive used Wordpress for years and nothing else even comes close  love it	One of the easiest free blog engine/CMS (Content Management System) to use  Of course thats only second to SquareSpace	makes blogging awesome	I use wordpress with my blog at www jamesbuckingham com   the best blogging platform available  :)	State of the art CMS tool! and makes blogging professionals	Just like the firefox add ons  the wp plugins turns Wordpress the best blogging platform	My weblog service of choice   I love the latest version  the plugins available and how easy and customisable it is	Proving to be little rigid in configuring it  needs widgets to ease the confusion	Very easy to set up  very extensible with plugins  I used to write my own blogging code  but why bother with WordPress around?	Without WordPress were would all the web words go? Lame  I know  But WordPress isnt  By far the best and most complete blogging service out there	This is the best blog platform of all researched options     Check this WordPress blog out at http://www ssr4 com and get an idea of some of the options	Can do a lot and if not  there is a plugin that can  Great stuff	The state of the art for publishing on the web	recommend the hosting one as you dont need to upgrade yourself	Since my first WordPress org install Ive been learning more each day  I use this for as many projects as possible due to its flexible nature and power	One of the best Open Source Blogging CMSs on the web	Non poteva essere altrimenti	Ive been using Wordpress since November 2nd 2006   Its a great service but with Twitter and the micro blogging craze I think its a little out dated	Blogging easy   Blogging professional!	Love it  love it  love it	does everything one could need  Only downside is its use of XHTML which is inappropriate for the vast majority of Web users out there (the ones using IE)	You will not find a better blogging platform   Hosted or not wordpress is second to none	Blogger is way better	Great features and is continually improved upon   a great option for all bloggers	best free blogging tools around and easy transition to self servicing	Best blogging software hands down  Use it everyday for my company blog  Love the extensions and the easy customization!	Simply the best  End of!	The gold standard for blogging  Best of all  free!	As long as there are plug ins that do exactly what you want  this is really great  There isnt  so it isnt for me	Everything is fine  BUT you cannot embed html    :(	starting to be a fav  still love blogger tho  am fan of wordpress org	great blogging platform  very flexible	I checked out a lot of blogging tools  but they just dont manage to catch up with the latest trends like WP  Besides the user interface is just great	Very extendible  great community	Not the best  Dare I say overrated?	Solid platform  Robust  Can easily be used as a full fledged CMS  Easy to tweak to your will	Great publishing platform  very well documented  fully customizable  gazillions of useful plug ins  supportive community	much advanced than blogspot and we can customize as much as we can with the help of plugins	Totally awesome  Highly recommended	Only reason I dont Love It is because everyone who works with wordpress org knows that sometimes it just doesnt act like you want it to ;)	Definitely better than Blogger  Cant speak for other blogging software  Installing it on my domain was simple  and their documentation is all well written	The most flexible CMS  For free	Cant quite get my head around it totally  but I like blogging on it : )	Easy to learn to use + extremely flexible + you can do almost everything with it + love the plugins	Use it for all my blogs  Best blogging software by far!	WordPress is my favorite CMS/Blog  it is a SEO Monster if you know how to use all their features	Thank you wordpress for wordpress  buddypress  bbpress  wordpress mu  poll daddy (why not poll press? ;  ) ) Thanks	Most versatile and extendable website/weblogging system  And free!	pandria com  nuff said!	its good  I like design layouts and everything  :)	its just so easy to set up a blog withWordpress  Thumbs up	very good blogging tool	The best blog software I ever tested	its SO EASY to install  Ive fight with joomla for so ling  and now  heaven!And the widget are stunning easy clean  ant all the community is   awsome!	surely the best blogging platform i have ever used! code is clean and plug ins are extremely useful! and    a great community is always ready to help you! <3	Comprehensive  smart and simple   Wordpress covers all the bases and presents itself as a strong  expansive platform for beginners and seasoned pros alike	Best blog platform imo	Wordpress is the Best Blogging Platform I have ever used  http://scooopy net is using Wordpress	The best of the blogging platforms; accessible to a wide variety of users with a range of experience  from novice to blogging guru	A great way to enter blogging  Still using the online version but soon will have my own host	Full featured  easy to use  extensible blogging system	Yes  I love it http://anhblog net http://aboutblog net	I like the wordpress theme & the surrounding for its classy clean & eye appeal outlook which completely deviate from normal blog	You have to thank the entire open source community for this   its simply an amazing web platform!!!!	Wordpress is easy to use  Its very reliable and has fantastic looking themes I use it to promote all my products	Wordpress is what I use for my personal website  I find it has the right balance of ease of use and customization	Easiest to use with the most professional looking results	been using it for a while at subvida com	Best blogging platform I found  Not as good as it should be  but definitely better than TypePad and Blogger!	Its very easy to setup your self hosted blog and I love the customization with themes and huge amount of plugins	Wordpress is the best CMS Ive ever used!	Best blogging platform out there	Great for blogs and light CMS work   My #2 choice after Drupal	Best blogging platform out there	Wordpress sites look fantastic  dont get me wrong but this platform is in no way as easy Blogger	I use it to power my blog already :D	WordPress is one of the best CMS out there	Great blogging service  Easy to use and with good features	I cant imagine using another CMS for my site  Easy  flexible and beautiful  Perfect for us web designers	It is a really easy app for blogging  The plug ins allow for more powerful tools  though they often go neglected	its really one of the best blogging platform	powerful and enough flexible to start	Best blogging platform money cant buy	Wordpress is ok  unless you have it hosted yourself  Then it becomes great!!	Hard to get the full benefit on wordpress com  suspect hosting myself is the way to unleash the power within	need I say more  bing	Very well done  though messy code in the core from what I hear	Just started my blog here a few days ago  I like the interface and the whole user experience	Its the best blogging tool	Great blogging tool  shame I have nothing to say	The best blogging platform there is since the boom of the internet	dogstar says:yes i use but has the feel of a funeral home	Great semantics  works great as a CMS  Best blogging platform out there	If you want a blog  this is the place to get it   Offers so much more functionality than other blog sites   If you really want to make your blog good  use  org	Its simply superb   whether you are a beginner or a pro blogger  you will love the simplicity of wordpress along with the powerful features it has  Go WP =D	Gold standard blog platform hands down	Having been blogging (one name or the other) in one form or the other since 1993 and reluctant to come over to WP  it turns out it is so far the best	I really like the dashboard on WordPress over any other blog site	Its great  As simple or as complex as you want	wordpress is great  you can start a complex  dynamic blog in seconds!	For a non programmer like me  Wordpress and its army of plugins is the bizniss	I Love wordpress  its so customizable and does everything I need it to!	Use WP on several sites  very powerful and easy to theme	king of blogging platform	great blogging platform  very easy to use and learn  simple to put pictures and embed videos in posts  the only thing is that spacing is sometimes troublesome	Undeniably the best blog platform  Possibly the most powerful CMS too	Best Blogging Site on the Web  Period	Wordpress is extensible and awesome	The most versatile blog and website platform out on the web today   You can just about set up any kind of site you want	Half of the websites I go to are on Wordpress  Half of mine  too!	This is full function  easy to use  lots of support and lots of new stuff being added all the time   I recommend it highly ;)	Like it but customization is on the low end  presentation goes out the door with limited amount of user made themes  and paying for CSS is just silly!	If youre talking about the self hosted Wordpress   this is the way to go  Wordpress com on the other hand  wouldnt be my first choice	Wordpress is very cool and came as a boon for blogger	Lots and lots of help from the community	Fantastic blogging platform!	best cms platform	fine for blogging  but i dont blog that much	word press is the best blogging software available  no contest	Straightforward  and flexible   Great CMS and well as blog foundation	The best Blogging software available	Awesome  So very flexible! www hollywoodorblog com!	secure  easy to use  nice cms	The best blogging tool out there!	very simple and easy to use  Always adding cool new stuff  Plus you can get it for free	Worst blogging platform/CMS ever  Bad template language  very bloated with unnecessary features    2/10	I like how easy it is to figure out  I was able to figure it out within 10 mins  Im still trying to figure out squarespace and I only get 14 days free with it	Its great  but its become so bloated in the past few versions that I tend to only use it now as a last resort  I dont need links  uploads  templates etc	I have a self hosted WordPress blog and it gives me the flexibility I want in a blogging platform	Not only a great blogging app but also has a sweet iPhone app	awesome blogging platform with an excellent backend	I currently have 7 blogs on it  and will probably add more as time goes on! Its easy and its fun  Wish it let me put scripts in it  though!	For someone like me that isnt a designer  Wordpress and the millions of themes out there are a great way to make a site look nice	may be more user friendly  but yet  its fine	I have been an avid wordpress user and develop since 2005   it just keeps getting better	Just a sharp enough learning curve to keep out some idiots   But accessible enough for an idiot like me	Really simple  but still needs some tweeks	Love it! I find new ways to develop websites for it everyday	Easy and good to work with!	Easy  professional  and wow  also you can visit http://www nihonomaru com/	Awesome Blogging Script	While I very much dislike Wordpress on site  when hosted off site its features are extensive  dynamic and free  I highly recommend off site hosting!	I love wordpress and my website!  I just love them!	We love WordPress  Thank you Automattic	Im in to more simple things so this is more advance than I need but for what its worth its a great blogging service	Perfect blogging platform  even a nice light weight CMS for other web stuff	Great Blogging Platform! Where my many story blurbs in my DanniStories Catalog live	Great app :)	Great admin  great plugin  and connects almost everywhere  Super job at Wordpress	Been using it for 3 years  Love it  Simple and intuitive  Use both the  com and self hosted versions  Very easy to manage  Thanks!	but I have always problems with updates (themes and plugins stop working)  Is this an eternal BETA process? WTH!	Ive tried many others  but WP is the best of the fully customizable CMS platforms	Flexible  easy to install and use  and with a vibrant community  Latest versions has introduced better usability  but is still a bit nerds only in some areas	PHP is shit  Wordpress is on PHP  Go Byteflow!	Wordpress is one of the best blogging sites to use over the others  thats just my opinion	Great Themes  Plugins   easy to use  install and understand! I Love Wordpress! :D	Tried many CMSs over the year but this beauty does everything I need and does it well  clean simple interface elegant stylish just use it! 8 sites using it	Love it  Use it for every client site that we deploy now	beginning to see many of its limitations on users side  dropping it in favor of more flexible CMS (MODx)	lol my main blog is on this site http://lterrence660 wordpress com/ its very professional and kinda difficult for me to use but the job gets done :)	Its a pretty much complete website platform  Its great for a website that requires regular active content  Buddypress is a great user based WP version too	Very flexible and easily customize certain features   and its free! =D	Just started using it   Still need to get the hang of it	Yes  this is the best blogging platform around   Great for professional use   Simple to use  clean results   THNX Wordpress!	As a coder  I cant say Im a fan of its infrastructure  but its bloody PHP  open source  and expected  As a developer or designer  theres nothing finer!	My blog tool of choice :)	A highly repectable and promising app with energetic activities and features	I host and post several blogs and it is so easy to use  coordinate and add on to	Wordpress will become a most powerful and popular CMS in future  Its easy but Powerful  So  I love it	Very useful platforms for blogging and sharing content	The best cms blogging tool ive found is so flexible  customizable  has tons of plugins and themes and da best one  is open source!!!	Greate tool for developers and designers	http://www derrickanders com I love Word Press	goddamn amazing! best cms for blogging there is  simply the best  i installed this on several servers for several people	Big and powerful app   but still easy enough for standard editors  Just get in touch deeper for some installations	Ive been using Wordpress for years and other than a few lil hack incidents / mysql issues things have been running pretty well	so far so good   we just launched with wordpress and its been great	Best blogging software ever created	Its all you want and its so easy to customize	This makes me writing     This is really awesome!	nothing beats its simplicity  perfect SEO results and ease of maintenance	awesome super robust expandable as hell solution for just about everything   If only I knew more code	Hands down  best blog app ever	Great Bloging Tools	Very solid   Great integration to the tools to extend it	Not only does Wordpress have a great developer community around the open source platform  but the UI looks good too  Famous 5 minute install FTW!	Easy to install and use!	its awesome  good blogging platform	Such an easy to use blog service    and with the iPhone app    makes blogging an ease!	I use it for my site http://digibomb com	I use it as my personal home page and blog  good simple system  and a good community with lots of plug ins and skins	Absolutely love wordpress	I just started my blog  and its quite simple and easy  I find the skins and widgets a bit simplistic but they do the job!	YEP! Love it! Still learning my way around it  But the potential is sooo exciting!	Love WP and have for several years  Think Ill be loving it for many more years to come	The best blogging platform there is  Easy for learners and you can edit it as much as you like  Also you can connect to your blog via email and apps	It has potential  but  honestly  Im still bummed out my username was taken	I have been a user of Wordpress for 5 years and their services really work  Amazing content managnent system	If you can read  you can handle WordPress   Lots of great plug ins add to its usability	WordPress is the best blogging service ever! I Love to use WordPress  with big gratitude for the people behind!	According to me wordpress is worlds most lovely and easy to use service  I will recommend to use it for all bloggers and webmasters	We use Wordpress for most of our satellites sites  Its functional and easy to use  Love how widgets just drop right in	Fun to configure  simple to customize and install plugins  very open and non restrictive  and it seems to naturally look professional  A wonderful blogging tool	By far my favorite blogging platform  it has tons of features and is very customizable  Its also pretty good as a CMS too!	Use it  like it  love it  :D	atualmente a melhor plataforma de cms existente  simples  enxuta e flexivel	Easy to use and fast to production	Great if you want a CMS  clunky  fiddly  and not overly user friendly for the intermediate designer  if you want to use it solely for blogging	The best blogsystem and cms ever   use it a lot and have implemented it as cms and Multiuser system to at newsmedia bloguniverse	Whatever they did with Wordpress  the did it right  Other Blog services should mimic this platform as much as possible	Covers you quickly & feel like I control the difficulty level	I love it is very easy to use and it have great blog system Its really good	One of the best blogging tools  cant live without it  I run my blog (http://dotnetwizard net) on WP amazing system	great blogging CMS  very flexible and a great community to support it	the best blogging software out there	wordpress is very interesting blogging platform	About the best CMS there is Very user friendly	Wordpress! BEST CMS ever  and its only getting better each release	Wordpress is to blogging like iphone is to mobile	Its the best blog Ive ever used   I cant wait to try hosting on my own site	the best  clean and simple   best add ons  makes blogging easy! i use it on my site!	cant not love it    useful    the forum software by the same company is also great: bbpress	Best Blogging platform  WORDPRESS FTW!	i dont know how to say  wonderful!!yeah	Perfect! I easily get the features I want on my travel blog http://http://www schaerers info/reisen/?lang=en	The one stop shop of blogging!	Downloaded the code from wordpress org a while ago and am currently building my personal website with a custom theme  love it!	Works great very easy to set up  Great people behind the software great widget and plug in developers  fun to use  can make money just great overall idea!	Just did 2 quick lil blogs  Arguably the best Blogging Platform around!!	The best CMS / Blogging Open Source Platform !	Speechless! Really easy to use and having fun with this blogging	I want to try for being associated with it if possible  Thanks	Great platform for managing web content	Best CMS in town :)	Its the best blogging software that I have found   Very user friendly and tons of design options   Sidebar widgets too!	best blogging ever seen i like it		
337625	New features  but the interface change was so radical it neutrals out my opinions	Are You People Joking?  Its the most amazing thing ever?	The UI is sucky  the Mac version is limited and there is NO OpenDocument support  Microsoft should learn more about cross platform development	Love how much better Office 2007 is than Office XP  Lots more interesting features  Outlook 2007 should have HTML email support though	HTML emails in outlook2007 completely broken  Regression at its finest! Thanks Microsoft	Better solutions between work everywhere	I like it  easy to use  I get the odd problems with outlook with SP2 but I can live with them for now! Great work! Keep it up	The UI looks better than the previous versions  However  more unnecessary clicks are needed to get to the feature that you want to use	There is a bit of a learning curve when switching from earlier versions of Office  but once I got used to it  I liked the interface a lot		
336656	The next big thing? Im not sure  but it does a good job fulfilling its purpose	this is THE best aggregate service  im using it ALL THE TIME  recommended for everyone	best aggregate service	No matter how many social networks you have it makes the thing extremely easier for your buddies to follow your updates in a single platform	Your opinion of this app in 160 characters or less	Social networking centralization  Great !	new way of social life	This is a great way of sharing and reading things on the web  A  very good way to discuss things too  Try it!	One of the best sites on the Internet   Great community  superb features that are being added to and updated all the time and very addictive   Love it!!	Nerd heaven  Open  google indexable lifestreaming and social network / message board  with useful filters for noise  Import stuff from virtually every website	Good for social media junkies  Great to know your friends content produced or consumed	Great for social aggregation	Una de las mejores aplicaciones de la	FriendFeed is the greatest thing on Earth!	I like this  but havent quite figured out the benefits of using it yet  tho	Great site to aggregate your web life    connect it to Facebook for the ultimate sharing combo	The way to share what you ar doing with people all over the world    and the way to meet people form all over	i love being sneaky and adding imaginary friends to see what they are up to hahaha	a good app :D	I am still exploring it  but I like what I see	I like the concept of Friendfeed however  I dont check the site very often  *shrug* I primarily use it to tweet shared articles from google reader	Its cool & handy  but I honestly dont use it enough often forgetting that I have an account	Probably the most stable and most popular lifestreaming service Ive tried  Others like Plaxo  Second Brain  retaggr  profilactic cover more services though	awesome and BEST  feed aggregator	Jump started this whole social aggregation thing that Facebook is now emulating	Best social aggregator	FriendFeed:  Think Twitter meets Facebook meets Whrrl	Works beautifully in so many ways	Its the most useful lifestreaming app  And the beta version is fast and has a great design	It is fun  But I think it is too close to Twitter	I find friendfeed to be cool just because its a one stop shop   You can go here and see what your friends are up to on Flickr  Facebook  Last fm  blah  de  dah	Friendfeed is the greatest social media tool  Its community is really cool	Friendfeed is easy to use and improving all the time	helps me to keep track of all my inet activitites	makes it easier to keep up with stuff	The problem with relaying social network information is duplicates  so its less of a fit for me since I started twittering in addition to facebook	Best social site ever	Its a good application you can keep all your feeds organized and it talks to Twitter & a few other social apps what more can you say!	rocks  love the fact all feeds are synced and distributed	Great start  Still needs some work though	I love the idea  but itll never catch on with mainstream users  Maybe thats a good thing  though	I really love Friendfeed  Its growing on me	Handy for putting all your stuff in one spot	not sure thats any better than FB	awesome search is just one of the many reasons to love it	Its just okay in my opinion  but seems like it could present the aggregated feeds in a bit more of an attractive fashion	It`s a great app por conversations and sharing	I dont dislike it  but it might just be my user ignorance in that its basically just another app that overlaps  You just pick your fave to use	Although it can be a pain in the ass at times  Its a really good tool for connecting with friends  meeting new ones  And knowing what theyre doing	FF iz so damn goooooood!! iloveit!	Its ok  Wish it was more important  eg i can go without it  i dont need it  i NEED my Flickr / Twitter etc	The best way to keep track of your friends and latest stories  posts  trends	A struggle  I do hope it improves  Much room for it  and yet potential	I like it but I find it hard to find conversations outside of the things that I follow  Great idea  needs development	Has a lot of potential and its import features are great  but its userbase leaves a lot to be desired	I think Friendfeed is making a comeback   Lately Ive been getting more subscribers and I think that Im making better use of it	I love the fact that it can be updated almost without intervention	The best microblogging platform cum social aggregator site out there  Whatever is out there friendfeed is two steps ahead in terms of thought and action	This is the back bone connects everything  Test publish to FF as well =D	Great for new web discovery and good conversations	Theres really no need for this app  Maybe I just dont get it	Threaded conversations not limited by 140 characters   how can you beat that? It displays pics  videos   It has live search and you can save the results	i really love it  it is twitter plus plus with language support	All In One solution for web x 0 life	Thought it would be useful but found it pointless as I never used it and found it extremely hard to set up (especially with Facebook)  Dissapointing	nice user friendly network	Have a profile but find it a bit redundant in the face of Twitter  Tumblr & Facebook	When will be available on Facebook  or am I not up to date with this bit of news?	Gluing content together from the fragmented Social Media scene is important for #lifestreaming   FriendFeed com makes that easy  Just needs duplicate detection!	they were young and they needed the money	Its cool! Just got acquired by facebook! So lets see what happens in the war of the web! Who will be #1 twitter or facebook!	Twitter  Facebook  and more combined on one page  Love it!	twitter  facebook  blippr all in one place  now only if you could sms with it	I love it  My Twitter is now a exact copy of FriendFeed now	Looks great  no ads! It is so streamlined and lets me keep everything in one place  instead of a dozen!	Great way to keep track of different sites all in one place! Love it!	Great to keep track of things like your Last fm and Twitter activity all in one place  Not the type of site you would regularly visit	I really dont get the point of friendfeed  Its like twitter  complified	bored   stay at home n nothing to do somethng huh!!	Its simple  clean and lean  It makes my life easier	its a good way of keeping connected  wid those around you	Sexo Gay  Webcams Gay  Videochat Gay  Videos Porno Gays www gaysquefollan com	Handy for staying in touch with your friends  Sites like Facebook (owner of FF) make you add lot of unkown people  One huge con  lack of users in The Netherland	man am i making a big giant mess or que	friendfeed is the best way to fine out wat some1s doing if they have alotta websites like me lol its easy to understand and great idea in general	Bradley Michael Langerman loves FriendFeed com websites	I like the way to can browse life streams	Great for searching stuff in real time	http://www foodbrats com check out our new cookbooks	kind of confusing  still havent entirely figured out its purpose	Great aggregator of information from all major services in one handy spot	i like to interact with my friends	where friends and other get to interact and share ideas	It is marvelous    I like the aggregators	great program  unfortunately it was bought by Facebook and has since received no love from them	Its pretty pointless with all the other social media sites out there  And its ugly	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	used to be a fan till the facebook acquisition  now im not impressed anymore  Facebook is going to let it die out i think plus its really ugly and boring now	Its great to shear your mind to other people :))))))	I like how I can have all my social networking stuff in one place	It could have gone on to greatness  Sad	i like it but i join it like 5 hours ago	Its nice to get all your actions in the web bundled  But its bought by facebook  And facebook added the features to import the messages  too	the best app on the web!	nice to meet u babe!!for u i have buil my organization many ideas from ur 3 way  i get love my job thnkzzzzz!!	http://www kleiner eumel de	Simple to use  better then twitter  looks great  UI is sexy  one problem if they took the idea of following etc  and made it richer it would be better	please check out http://www derrickanders com	You can chat with any one u like so enjoy while you can		
337624	Id really say I was neutral rather than disliked this   Ive been registered for a while but it has none of the impact of FB or Twitter so Ill delete	Not sure why  though   Plaxo had a bad name a while ago   MAybe it hasnt lost that stigma	Eu gosto  pena que  pago para se usar com mais recursos	Registered  got spammed with connect to messages  dropped it  Not worth the time or effort	http://www anchoi8x co cc Hot sexy girl Viet Nam Show hang tu suong  scandal sock 9x	Plaxo gives you the feeling you dont have control about who you contact and who contacts you	This rates hirer than LinkedIn as far as functionality goes but LinkedIn is more popular		
337623	Great for professional networking	very useful I really like to connect with more businesses :)	A nice way to get known on your job	I find this site to be very useful  find updates such as this and more on my twitter blog and weblink there add me glamorousamanda	Linkedin is good for business related connections	LinkedIn is an exceptional tool for building a network of trusted professionals   I find the people to be receptive and interactive	Es una excelente herramienta para ampliar la red de contactos!	LinkedIn and Twitter are the two social media sites I use the most for professional networking	LinkedIN is good for keeping in touch with (former) professionals	Great tool for like minded professionals to connect and actually achieve something   and the groups are really starting to become useful	A network that is worth your time	Not my favorite  But I see how other people like it	i have got to start using this app  everyones mother is talking about it	This is my favorite for professional social networking  I open few groups their and they because popular really fast  SEO Word to Mouth Value: Excellent!	Perfect Job network	I really love it  When i have some issue  They always give me good solution	Great site for getting your professional info out on the nets  But  lacks the social tools to successfully network	Great service for professionals	lots of jobs and contacts	Facebook for professionals  No silly quizes or contests  just real people going about real business  How the internet should be!	Facebooks for friends  For biz theres LinkedIn	Oh so stuffy and convoluted  Feel like I never have gotten any real value out of it other than tracking some old connections	Nice way to stay in touch Personally & Professionally	LinkedIn is THE essential tool for professional networking  Use it to grow your tribe of like minded colleagues and co workers and to embed in your social site	LinkedIn is an increasingly effective business networking site	great service and the best way to find great professionals	A great tool for professionals	Ive been able to connect with colleagues which is kinda handy	No clarity as to the core purpose of linkedin   I used to like it  but its lost me recently since it seems to be all over the place  Still good for job contact	It blocked countries like (Iran  Syria  Sudan   etc) and suspended people with pages there  Where is the free/open media thingy?	I think it is a must for just about any business with an online presence  and a great way to find & connect with key individuals in those companies	greate enterprise social network	The best business networking tool to come to the net so far (Twitter may steal that title!)	Best business network out there  Could be a bit better in terms of its new addon functionality e g  blog & slideshare integration	Excellent business tool	I love that theres also a social place for professionals    At least thats what I use it for	The definitive professional social network  Still the trusted place to make your business connections	Kool way to stay connected with your professional colleagues	Subscription is too much in my opinion  but the free service is decent enough	I like that it is helping me with my job search  and that its helping me build my professional network	Everyone should be on LinkedIN   LinkedIN needs better integration with other social networks	Still hands down the best professional social network    the others just seem like theyre torn between being too many things to too many people	I dont like it because its a work social networking site	Very useful and slept on for its social/professional networking  IMO   Its more than just a CV	Like the idea  not sure I get it yet though	Great way to connect in Business!	I think of it as a Professional version of Facebook	Great tool   especially for linking to experts   I cant say enough goo things about LinkedIn	Great for business networking!  Your profile is like a resume or a business card to all your trusted contacts  Easily keep contact with  clients and suppliers	Im not sure I 100% get it yet  which doesnt seem right  Hopefully one day it will come in handy!	The most effective way of reaching out to professionals   Kuddos to you LinkedIn	Very convenient way of summarising your background acting as a virtual resume	Great for bussiness and contact finding  i use it for Interactiva	LinkedIn is a good place to store your professional data  and a great place to network for business contacts	excellent  my primary business social network	My professional home  It rocks!	its great   i just hope to use it better to leverage my company	so  if I invite Twtitter friends to connect with me on Facebook  is that call TwitFaced?	i really likes the question and answer feature provided in linkedin Its a great help	LinkedIn is a good place to store your professional data  and a great place to network for business contacts	LinkedIn is a real benefit for my work and life	Best for professional networking	LinkedIn is a good site to store your professional data  but it has 70% of contacts  jobs and groups in USA    is one problem	hmm its alright  I have an account but dont really use it that much	hiiiiiiiii      now am here     plz sggst me	Linked in is very powerful for professionals  though its not always easy or obvious how to use it to its fullest potential  Needs an overhaul  but recommended!	http://www anchoi8x co cc Hot sexy girl Viet Nam Show hang tu suong  scandal sock 9x	Still getting to grips with how I can use it to its full potential to expand my business network online	totally useless site	Good but its kind of a hassle to build upon	I dont really use this service as much  but I keep my profile updated since it seems useful for networking	masih banyak yang lebih baik	please check out http://www derrickanders com	I am a proffessional and have got a job through it  Congs!		
445784	infinitely customizable  it is the Anti Safari of browsers  But beware  every app you add slows it down just a little bit more until	You can always count on it whenever Chrome crashes  Its always good to have multiple browsers	I like for its Add ons	its good and runs faster than all the other browsers but IE8 wins on its user friendly interface  Plus the new Msn toolbar seals the deal with windows live	Its Open Source  stable  render pages correctly  lots of plugins  And its not Microsoft  that helps a lot	I love Firefox extensions  theyre the best thing that ever happened to a browser!	browser bagus  sayang masih ada yang jauh lebih bagus  Google Chrome		
336776	inkscape is one of my favorite apps :)	A great example of the potential of open source software  Powerful yet pretty easy to use	I hardly use it  but its good when I do need it	Waiting for better integration with AI	really powerfull  the autotrace is better than AI  love it!	Crap UI  I cant imagine anyone seriously using this	open source svg tool	Great open source vector graphics editor  good alternative for Ilustrator	Its a great example of what can be accomplished in open source development  Despite of some usability issues it replaces AI pretty well in most needs		
336665	Its recommendations arent brilliant  but its a great way to find people with similar music tastes to yours	some recommendations are AWESOME others suck but its a great way to show what ur listening to with your friends	muy buen servicio	At last  a method of statistically proving my music taste is superior to your music taste	Im a recent convert  and Ive been really happy with it  I used to just listen to Shoutcast radio  Last fm is that  except better in all the right ways	The best way to keep track of my listening habits  Invaluable!	The most usefull social network	A great service that reminds me of the old music module sites of yore but brought up to date  Now if I could just find out why it stopped working with Amarok	Last fm is the daddy of music services  I pay a paltry 1 50 per month subscription  Its a bargain I tell thee & being a tight Yorkshireman I love a bargain!	Its a bit too Web 1 0 for me   They should focus more on simplicity and key features and iron out the bugs and UI issues   But its got a monopoly out there	I like how it uses less flash than pandora  It seems like it gives me more control  The user interface could use a few changes  though	Last FM incorporates far more social into their service than Pandora does  so if you want to get recommendations as well as connect with people  this is it	I can listen to songs that I havent heard in a long time  NO COMMERCIALS either!	left pandora for it (3 yrs ago)   wont be going back	some people told me it was cool    i joined it and it wasnt so cool    I just left it    I already have imeem	dont use it as much as blip fm right now but might later	Good streaming  but just some of the songs couldnt match my taste	The best social music site at the moment	Best music social network  Personalized music charts and recommendations FTW!! API heaven included	Excellent service  love the scrobbler  love that thesixtyone works with it   Get good recommendations   Not as good as Pandora  but cant use Pandora now	I love last fm  It always gives me great  recommendations that Ive never found incompatible with me	Really cool  Beside great recommendations  you get hear really eclectic and exotic tunes on the radio	Very cool site    you can find songs and listen to what yout friends are listening    and the Last fm scrobbler is really fantastic	Takes a while before it can give you accurate recommendations  but you can discover cool new music  and learn about your listening habits by sticking with it	You can listen all you want and discover new musical artists/bands and I just love that	an excellent music resource	The more you use it the better it gets  Programs such as scrobblers help make the process of finding or being recommended new music nice and simple	Rediscovered Last fm again and this time I am not going away :)	Great social radio!  Really intuitive!	Great App! Really great at helping people find new music!	Im a fan! dont need any MP3 player at work anymore  Good recommendations  Great scrobbler app  also for MediaMonkey  show  concerts near to my location	Listening right now!  Last fm is the greatest!	Good recommendation  good communities	great! it also recommends music  awesome!	I love the recommended music station	I adore Last fm  I really do  Now  if I could figure out a way to get it to scrobble songs from Pandora  Id be set	Awesome in browser music engine	nobody would pay much attention to the bad proposition    $$$$ last fm = free  no pay!	Scrobbles my music and keeps track of what I am listening and lets me see what my friends are listening to  Great customisable online radio too	I owe last fm at least a third of my musical discoveries * *	Best internet radio service Ive used so far   Need to really test it out though	They are charging countries outside of US	Not nearly as stable as it should be	Good  but not as good as it could be    especially after requiring people from other countries to pay to use their radio service	Love Last fm   has become my main way for hearing music	Keeping track of all my songs for new and interesting music recommendations  or listening to my library when I am away is real nice	pretty good  but i prefer blip fm	Nice interface  recommendation system makes more sense than pandoras  i use this site everyday	If it doesnt scrobble  I dont want to listen to it!  Love having listening stats   Along with Pandora  a great way to discover new (or not so new!) artists	hows about www jamwee com ?? it looks like a pretty slick website for music discovery   beta is launching soon	Worlds largest online music catalog  with free music streaming  videos  photos  lyrics  charts  artist biographies  concerts and internet radio	I cant believe it has taken me so long to find this!	I like looking at my collection  statistics and listening patterns almost every evening  A unique must have for any music lover	I was a little late to start useing this but once I did I couldnt stop!	Seems liter than Pandora  Offers better selection than Pandora  Integrates nicely with Amarok and Firefox  Gimme that Last fm!	Newcomer to last fm  but instantly hooked	I dont really use last fm to its full potential but love to see what friends are listening to and integrate my listening habits into my blog	great service   especially like sync with facebook	Very good service  Much better than the indie biased site it used to be years ago  Still has the potential to expand	Nice to get a stat about what you listened to :D	I track everything I listen to    on the PC  iPhone and Zune  An amazing service	Best music service around in my opinion  Wonderful for finding new music Check to see what your friends are listening to	I dont like the radio  but stats and music wikipedia are amazing  A page for every single track  with feedback and top listeners? You gotta love it	The AS aspects make Last fm a great web app and wiki  but the shift to pay to play web radio and pro features let down an otherwise for the people image	Radio feature Not free outside US and UK use shoutcast instead	Gives great recommendations and provides a clean looking library to see what youve *really* been listening too	its just  the  way  to  find  something  to listen easy and fast	dunno how its really useful  but it is  seems pointless  but I like it	needs better recommendations  im jaded by pandora	Love the recomendations  Dont love to spend money on the service  Understandable decition though	<3 it  but    bring the free music on!	Great service  literally expanded my music knowledge hundredfold  Found loads of artists I never knew before  great recommendations	Great service for those looking to expand their music library and share their existing	Fantastic for finding new music  even if its far from mainstream!	Love love love it! Cool way to track my listening habits and it gives the best recommendations	Its a great way to find new music!	This is a great service for music lovers  excellent recommendations based on your tastes  and love scrobbliing :)	Seeing the status of me listening to what music and comparing against other artist is just cool  Great for people who love music	nice radio  nice project and services	great site! almost love it as much as Zune Social	Awesome way to find new artists  Just a shame the play on demand isnt as simple and comprehensive as spotify	it really sucks subsidizing the usage of the service from rich countries users  Either we pay all or noone!!!	Great way to find (or just listen) to music new to yourself	Good for keep track of listening habits and finding new artists and songs  The site design could use an improvement though	Their recommendation system is so useful and it runs very smoothly	Definitely in my music top 5  Love the suggestions  love the variety  love the scrobbling from multiple sources  love the idea  love that its free!	Alright site  I dont like the software that you have to download  A bit of a hog	one of my favorite sites  love the charts  i check it every single day	big fan   wish the ui was a little smoother	One of my favorite social networks  great recommendations	There are many things about this site that I still dont understand  but I kind of like it	Tutto ok  ma preferisco Grooveshark	Probably the most use app on our PCs	Its a little complicated but I like it	I simply love it  Never found out about my most beloved bands in such less time  Also great for looking at Albums to catch later	The best place to discover new music!	Great way to discover new artists	Huge variety of music	The relating of music often gets very bad  far too many repeats of the same bands/songs compared to other websites/services	Useful and interesting as hell	one of my post fave apps on the iphone/iPod touch as well as on my computer	I love this  It suggests great music for me all the time and I dont even have to go to the website  I can see it all in Rhythmbox music player	I resisted it for so long and now I wonder why	One of the best things on the internet  I love my last fm	My number one source for new music	Last fm is the choice   cause Pandora isnt available for Europeans	Renewing and fun to keep  Also great site for discovering music	I love it this brought back my love for music and discovering new music while enjoy my favorites its amazing	the best of its kind  period	I love it because it has a large specrtum f choices and i can discover new (and past) genres i never new existed and just because it gives me continuous pleasur	just got this app   love it   returning to my love of music   this app helps    and I highly recommend it for just sitting back and taking the music in	I love the radio  scrobbling  and recommendations	It recommends me music (that I listen via Spotify)	it is good for me free music we will play  music all day long	it is getting too commercial lately    slow development    but I like to scrobbling music  music recommendations  and find people based to my musical taste	   because I am obsessed with quantifying my music listening habits	Been on a little while   So far so good	too easy to find my favorite music  love this	Last fm hasnt moved with the times  It tries to be a social network unto itself  Whats needed is something that works seamlessly with FB  Twitter  etc	Amazing selection of music   Clear listening   Great service   of course its from the UK!!!  =D	For me is the best music service!!    no one more :D	i scrobble to it every day    best music social network!	For me is the best music service!!	Took me a while to figure out what scrobbling is  but I like the idea	+ good service for discovering the music   bad service for listening to the music	All would have been fine if he did not pay for Russia	great alternative to radio  I hate the radio talks  last fm is radio without all the talking	Best music social network	Best music social network !	one of the better resources; listen most days  all day  nice diversity of genre	Totally awesome  one of the things I do the most	Great service and for free  tracking all the songs I listen to showing some good statistics and showing my music compatibility with people	Honestly  never tried it  but I like Pandora better  anyways	A great site to look into fresh new music recommendations based on the music you listen already!	A great music recommendation service which they are quite open about how it works and sharing data  All streaming though  so a fast internet connection needed	Awesome radio / music recommendation service!  Great way to discover new bands	I love its integration with iTunes and my XBOX 360	It was a superb idea while it lasted but since the CBS buyout development has ground to a halt and I dont see the service being around much longer	they are only free at US UK Ger those 3country    racist!! I hate that  but I have account because its popular	Ive been using Last fm for years and Ive been really bummed out on it since the CBS acquisition  its just not the same	Engine isnt as good as pandora   sad to say   Site isnt as clean either	i liked when it was free now i am on http://www tv243 com	Unlimited skips is great!	I use it on my Android phone to listen to when driving  I am liking it but the features need simplification and more meat still	love the scrobbler; have it hooked into my Winamp & Windows Media Players     besides scrobbling music  theyve got great music through the site	Never really liked it  just not	Last Fm allows me to promote my music and listen to other great new and older artists  as well	Great music community  the largest  library  recommendations and online radio  Bad that free only at USA  UK	free  fun and easy	I use it daily :)	I mainly use it for the stats  and I fucking love stats  Stats  man! Its also pretty great to find and keep track of events	I love the social take on music; I enjoy sharing my track history and listening to tunes in my Library	I used to like it  but they started charing    and its not worth the price they set	I use it since 2006  its a great service  Help me to discover a lot of new songs and bands	great service  but the official desktop scrobbler desperately needs an update!	Eerily good at picking out tracks and artists that I like  Love the statistics it provides  Scrobble me happy	integrates in many music player	Wish radio was free =/	A good stats package for your musical tastes	Not sure how useful it is  but works perfectly !	This site keeps me rocking to my fav jams all day while at work  Very useful if you let it scrobble so that itll only play what you like	Stats are great  I love em	Ridiculously good and a fantastic way to find new artists and genres	best part: all the stuff it ties in with  like itunes :D	Great interface  and very useful in keeping track of your listening habit and discovering new music  Its like google analytics for your music library	Love to see statistics about music tracks that im listening	The statistics about my listening habits are quite interesting  Its a neat way to learn about other artists too	I like it better than Pandora because I of the scrobbling ability	Amazing way to analyze your musical taste  get music recommendations  promote your favorite artists & to network w/ others music lovers around the world	The stats are cool! Tells me what mood Ive been in the most!	Buen recomendador de musica!	great music info		
336786	Very cool aggregator of online media   I wish there was a search for a given show/movie across sources	A really really good media center app  Great for watching videos off of sites like Hulu and Joost in a slick and intuitive interface	Aggregates all the online media I use   Especially good for Netflix and Hulu	Joined Boxee  and never looked back   this is how to enjoy entertainment on your TV & PC	Playing with Boxee for a few days  very interesting app!	I might like it more if I used it with my TV like its supposed to be used  but its not really that useful on my computer	Their beta is great  Hook up a mac mini to your TV and run it		
336785	Works fantastically  very polished player  but the number of movies is limited and the search is pretty awful	The only downfall is the movie selection  but the previous TV seasons cant be beat   Works beautifully on my Xbox 360	If only I had more time in the day to enjoy this service to the fullest	I would make out with it and have its babies if there was a better selection   Till then  I will love it	sooooo smart of them to do this   love it	The wave of the future   Netflix just has to start adding more content	Love the instantly watch feature  very useful for in between DVD shipments  More movies you can watch directly on your computer would be a definite plus	Damn you Netflix! Now Ill never leave the house! lol	I love to watch streaming movies and TV shows on my Xbox 360	Works on my PC  Mac  Xbox 360  thats pretty much everywhere	As much as I love the service  the throttling still ticks me off	This + my XBox 360 completely satisfies my TV entertainment needs  Dont have cable anymore  and dont miss it	One of the many reasons netflix is worth paying for	I cant stop watching movies now	I love the service  but the selection of movies to watch instantly is modest  But I have found some very good ones on it  As they add more movies I will use it	Awesome feature  I use watch instantly as much as if not more than Netflix through mail	love it changes my world	this pertains to viewing it on PS3 with the blu ray disc: i think its great  but it crashes sometimes while browsing  still gotta love it!	This feature is wonderful  I watch movies all the time  and this greatly expands the library  So many great films practically on demand   What could be better?	This is an amazing service that I recently got into  very addicting  well recommended!	Unbelievably convenient  Works on my PS3 and any computer with internet  Quality can vary but theyre doing 1080i next year  Worth the $	Love it on the PS3! Only have 1 dvd out at a time but its totally worth it!	Netflix streaming ont he PS3 is great   but the selection of movies that you can watch instantly reads like pages from a B movie catalog   More new releases plz	My life has not been the same ever since this service started  Thank you Netflix!	Constant streams of nearly every Richard Pryor flick? Im sold	Every single episode of the classic gothic soap opera Dark Shadows  Im sold for life	Cheap  genius  great algorithms  great UI could have a better look	Its ok  it needs to have a lot more content to be excellent though   I really appreciate the convenience  but what I want to watch is never on there	Use it through the Roku box   Works great!		
392705	Great idea  I like how I can stay updated with my fav news like espn/cnn all while browsing the web  Plus I can easily share cool articles w/friends via Twitter	Nice App  It is nice that I can sync with google reader	I love this app  I just found it today  but I am already addicted  I can keep up with stuff I like easily tweet and keep on rolling	Very quality app thats great for people that like to tweet breaking news throughout the day!  I definitely recommend it!	like good  try	i loved this app  but iam already addicted	Oh how I love being in know! great app!		
336664	We all have been in a restaurant asking  what song is this?  This free app will solve all your problems!  If you have an iPhone and dont have this  get it!	The fact it is so often accurate is terrifying proof that we will soon all be killed by robots	I do not really use it that much	I wish is had more features like Midomi	Very impressive: works exactly as advertised  Would be improved by the ability to add a note to each piece of music tagged	This is a really useful app  Ive been using Shazam for years on my phone  In the UK  you can dial 2580 and Shazam will text you the tag	i love it but i wish it had more songs	Works well but theres not many times that I need to use it	For sure one of the more fun apps for hand phones!!	Shazam is THE  must have iPhone app	So cool! I use it all the time and its nearly always right	Fantastic demonstration of iPhone capabilities   Excellent success rate  although it has failed to recognise a couple of movie tracks for me	My son gave me a mix cd but the track info wasnt there   Shazam to the rescue! Just hit tag and it listens & analyzes to give you the track info  Awesome!!!	Shazaam is cool when it works! Its cool to bust out your phone and tell what song it is  but when it doesnt work you look like a fool!	YAY!! (What the hell was that song again???)	really great app to find out which music is playing on the background	Great concept but this doesnt always work in practice! Improved accuracy would make this much more useful  Super app to discover music though!	Still one of the coolest iPhone apps around	Amazing  Simply Amazing	Great app  I have it on my iphone and my droid	Better revolutionary app I have ever seen	way way cool   got a tune in your head or hear something and you just cant place the artist/name   use this app  Its Great!	First met the Shazam guys way back in something like 2001/2 prelaunch  exciting then  so much more so now  Love the iPhone app  Cant find a tune it doesnt get	Brilliant little application  picks up songs even in noisy clubs and bars!	badass service   Super reliable   even in crowded bars	The iPhone application is good enough  its useful when you just want to know that name of that song but are too lazy to google it!	shazam has helped me out loads of times when I needed to know the name of a song :)	Useful  Often right  Could be better at tagging  but could also be non free!	Its a cool idea   even if so far I haven`t really seen it in actions  Also its confusing / is it free or not ?	Pretty cool apps! Very useful	Very reliably tags songs and links to them in Amazons catalog  Really cool	easy and good service	iPhone app is amazing	I have been wanting a service like this all my life  It has saved me countless times when I absolutely MUST know what is playing! <3		
336661	worlds leading search  engine gets the worlds leading review! :P	What was life like before Google? Less informed  less simple	Really? Does it need to be explained why Google is so great?	Your opinion of this app in 160 characters or less	Google never need to be explained why its an excellent search engine	Um dia ainda dominam o mundo	I just dont know how to explain why Google is the best search engine  for me Google is the internet	After all these years  still the leader when it comes to finding what you want	Somebody had to do this  Dont be Evil? Censoring the Chinese population is evil  So from now on Im using     um     hmm     Thats why I hate Google	I still remember when there were all those search engines  and someone recommended Google to me  Today  who uses anything else?	Google a big global corporation so are therefore evil by default however their service  well it cant be beaten	Simply the best  I mean  cmon you dont say Yahoo it	Nobody does it like Google!  From email  to analytics  Google has almost everything I need for my small business	Google has the fastest browser on the market  Chrome is really fast and powerful	it just works perfectly	Google knows a lot by all accounts  Find it a pain to trawl through 900 pages but overall good	Just changed the way we all use and understand the Internet	Well they have lots of cool stuff  the search site  the browser  etc	Would the world still rotate on its axis if Google ceased to exist? Google would be there to document the event anyway  I bet  What doesnt Google do?	Google is king   Without it I do not know how I would function	Google tops everything    its not because they have a hand in everything  its that the implementation is so much better	Can anyone help me to find a person in the earth who doubt this engine :) ?!	I will be a future employee of google	We live in a Google called Earth	I dont like being followed but if I can get a hot deal on sunglasses Im in!	I said I love it    :D	Best Search Engine (period)  Gmail  Google Reader  etc    it goes on	Best search engine  and they have also some great apps	Its the worlds leading search engine for a reason	what can i say   its the BEST and every Body knows it )	Great search engine  but some of the new features are more annoying than useful  Automatically inserting similar words messes up a lot of my searches	Dont know why anyone would use any other search engine  Best by FAR	THE best search engine ever	Between Gmail  Calendar  AdSense  Analytics  Webmaster Tools  our ability to develop websites while paying attention to SEO  and  well   Google Is IT! Max Laing	yes they are smug  but they have the bestest search engine	Google is the search engine	Fantastic! I use many Google apps	much more people use this searchbox	Needs some design flair	Offers some of the best free web services out there	Google just does things right   I use it for email  calendar  docs  alerts  feedburner  weather  news   oh and search	Google is scary  but a lifesaver	I love Google Apps!!  I love the price and how it works and how it helps others that are just learning about technology learn easier!!   Googlz	I am a frequent user of Google   I use it to find anything and everything   If it is out there then Google will be able to find it   Check it out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	i use google for everything  its awesome	Can imagine life without it anymore	wouldnt know what to do without google ; )	My main search engine and account for most of Google services	I am a googleholic!  The idea of internet seach engines is wonderful  when in history has information been so accessable  and Google is far superior to all othe	Google continues to produce FREE  QUALITY  USEFUL  and SYNCHRONOUS products that I have gradually been switching over to over the years  TY google dev!	I use google daily of course  but     they have a lot of potential  but they dont use it   they are popular  but is not state of art services	Life would still be possible without Google?	I just love it ;)	Best search engine there is	Its just damn cool     you Think of it and you have it on google	Best online experience ever!	So ubiquitous  I just cant imagine my life without it anymore	This is the fastest and most convenient Info getting tool that ever exist on this planet!	Come on Google is like the blood of the internet   How doesnt like it ?	Google is the best of the best search engine	My first choice the only search engine Id use for mainstream use	Keeping ahead of the times  like making a wave and putting my board right on it	great resources + apps; keeps me organized no matter where I am	Google is an innovative force for the future	Best search  Best web services  Best everything	Its Great  Twitter Search is coming close though	Id like to know how many times I speak Google by day	I forgot to enter mine blip! ;)	Would like more features on social apps  But Yay for free!	I want to be like Google when I grow up	Love Google! fast  easy  accessible from anywhere   what else do you need?	Easy  Fast  Filled with services       what more could you want????	the best search engine so far	best search engine  beats wolfram hands down	Best search engine ever :D	maybe the good guy? NOT!	hasnt failed me so far! great search experience unbeatable by far  has set the standard so high i just wonder if there can be any real competition  :P	Google rocks  everyone knows that; but it also has many unused options like one I use often  value translations/calculations in the command window :)	Only search engine I use  and Im off Map Quest and loyal to Google Maps  I feel like its more user friendly	Great stuff! Additionally  the promise of Google Wave and the possibility of TWave should transform web communications once again!  John	It improved the past  defined the present and guide the future of information  Great work!	i have just discovered g wave   i look forward to my friends joining me	Google Wave will be the future of unified communication  All your chatter about one topic in one place in realtime and stored! Superb!!	google wave may be the way forward	Google mail resolves the issue of the local files that may not be available when you are not at your computer	has a whole package  u know g life	The only search engine worth using  producing the absolute best results  No other engine even comes close	tho it could be better customised and slightly more transparent  I dont need customised search results  I dont see the benefit  it cuts out information	Google has it GOING ON In the morning when I get on the net  its like Christmas when I see a new GOOGLE App	Powerful SE And Free EMail ever  If in doubt try it Just Now	I use it everyday     the more I use it  the more I like it!	I just love it! Nothing more or less! :D	results should be more graphical  and more organized  not just a plain listing	google was good  then gmail happened  then a bunch more stuff    google is great	great platform   getting better all the time  Good on ya guys	Theyre just awesome! Do what they have to do and always surprise you with something simple and absolutely useful	Google is tha bomb!	FUCKIN COCK SUCKIN A  GOOGLE IS THE GREATEST SHIT EVER TO HIT MY GODDAM BROWSER  MS BING CAN LICK MY ASS	Asymptotically approaching perfection   fuck Bing	Cool Stuffed Bot	Bingll have to go a long way to beat this  Always improving  always expanding	Offers the best online services and tools that make my life easier	Offers some of the best online services out there for free	no way i couldnt stop using it	Google is like the DEVINE! Since the day Chrome is out; for my normal day to day browsing am using it!	It is the best educational tool  It is the real magic 8 ball	What yahoo isnt the best?	google is google  what more can you say	I only use it about 1000 times a day	Simple  clean  and fast  It always gets the job done	Wow this is the beast of the internet	Best search engine in the web!	Good search engine  Evil company	good search engine   but dont forget 1984   maybe george was on to something	all google products besides the search engine are worthless  yet very intrusive  always trying to getting a hold on the PC	i like Google :D	I think Google has started to lose traction as a search in the last couple of years  but it is still consistently good	Less is more  Clean interface and the best results at the top of the page  Its a keeper!	Ond ble ddaeth y chwilywr farbwrdd o!!! ? Heb ei lawrlwytho(ymwybodol ohoni)	Google is pretty good   it just messes up sometimes	Google has been a favorite since it came on the scene  and continues to find new ways be be valuable	Google rocks my socks ! Cant wait for the Google Chrome OS !	G1 User and I use almost every part of their technology  They know me better then my mom does  But I have still nothing to hide so why not	I love google as it redefined many things starting from search to web browser  Now they started expanding their reach to Desktop OS	By far the best search engine	Simple  fast  to the point   AWESOME!!	the best search engine there is	Like we have a choice anymore!	best search engine	just like the path they are on	they have changed the way we crawl the web and now they are trying to teach us the simplest way to use our computer	The best search engine !	I LOVE Google :)	They create some amazing stuff    gMail and gMail labs are the best examples of it   They pushed Microsoft to innovate and see now they are innovating :)	need I say more  bing	Google is the heart of the internet	Id be lost without my google apps	Great search engine!	I would be lost w/out google	Liked it so far  Now Bing will beat it	Lets just say that Bing is too horrible to describe in comparison to Google   Google FTW!	Lovely Google is Lovely	Google  great company and nearly always great products	what can i say  lord of the internet	i always love google	Use it everyday for my searching needs  its simply the best	Used to be great  now SEO ed to death  increasingly irrelevant search returns and localisation is badly thought out and executed	I love google  Every hour or so I must say to people google it	Google eases my life	Comon who doesnt like Google?! Its just truly amazing!	good search enigine   I use it all the time	Love it  nuff said	Google: your life  > easier	Google can go ahead and just take over the world as far as Im concerned   Everything they offer is top notch and works well  In Google We Trust!	I just signed up my blippr account because it is an awesome way to integrate my ideas and thought into the Google platform	There is not a better thing: I love Google!!!	95% of people use it! I do too! Love the services!	This is their original  and still their best piece of technology ever	Its best   but competitors are also performing   Now a days I am also opting for bing	i use google in daily conversation    its become a part of our culture	So far Google is hands down my favorite; however  Ive begun using bing a bit lately  love the visuals :)	Its a business  it is the business  it is my business	The only MegaCorp that combines functionality and fun and aims it at the future	i love all the Google services	Best search  minimal interruption	it is the best search engine	Google is the leading search engine and I love it! However bing has come and is giving people who buy stuff from them cash back!	It gives me the best results  the most relevant results  the quickest results of all search engines	Best search engine  Its taken over  Some one can say they are going to google something and really use another search engine  Its a verb now  and I love it	I love Google! I use it daily to surf around the internets	In one word: The best  Always thinking about my needs without barriers of language	Google has consistently been the web company to beat	Google is the one and only leader in the search engine and now email and chat services : )	Great search  great company  great services   Google apps for your domain is my saviour	Its useful  very useful  but I hate ads	Obligatory  The ONLY search engine to use  haha	Its an extremely innovating company  that even values input from clients/employees!	Im a Google fanatic ! I LOVE GOOGLE !!	Aside from the Orwellian overtones and my inability to ignore the similarities between Google and The Borg  of course   I love Google	I am Popeye of Google    prepare to be ASKIMILGRATED!! Nehgegegege!! :D	Google is good but in its mobile version it formats EVERYTHING when i have a webkit browser even after trying to turn it off	Google is a answer to all the problem           Its like magic :P  I feel really honoured to use such a search engine  Thanks Google for helping me and others :	google the greatest of all creation	i love that innovation google =(innovation+passion)            i love forever	Search  docs  Chrome  Android  Maps  earth     Awesome	The best search engine	A good search engine  but data mines everything you do  How large is their database? 10 Pentabytes? 100 Pentabytes? 1000 Pentabytes???	Simply the best  the very best	hwz life goin on in blippr	I cant imagine living without google :)	The best company in the world and the best brand	google as a search engine is excellent  and every google app/service i have used is also excellent  google os looks to be really cool as well	They are da bomb offering many great web services that I cant live without these days  They also bring home the bacon for me as a webdev and seo expert @subske	The best company in the world (after Apple of course:)	Google = My favorite verb	they are monopolizing the search market	A powerful search engine  I like it  =D	Very forward striving company  Great supporter of open source	googles knows more about me than my parents  evil	I love google :)	From Gmail to Google Reader to Picasa   I cant get enough of Google!	without google my homework would be incomplete	a new world has appeard	I am been a Microsoft slave for to long  Several hours each week sorting out problems caused by this bloated monster  All gone  I am emancipated	Its almost like Google has a hand in every app I use these days  Email  browser  docs  maps  FBs not far behind  These guys want to rule the internets	I have drunk the kool aid and now I can run a four minute mile with Google at my side!	Everything Ive seen Google come out with is done amazingly  Except for Google Pages  I didnt like the organization of that	I hardly can not find what Im looking for  this to me is an important difference!	Just brilliant  Unbeatable	I like Search  I love Gmail  but privacy is an issue with Google  But then again  any internet company this size would have that problem	Yea google forthewin	Unuseful spend some words  Just GOOGLE	Great for my life!  Handy day to day stuff and expanding all the time	Accurate results in an intuitive interface  Unfortunately: Arial  Square Button	Just did 250 searches (over 11 days) with Bing and Google  Bing got what I was looking for in the first five 221 times  Google 203  They both are  OK	No other search engine gives me the positive results that Google does! And it has some whimsy   which I really like!	Its my primary search engine	Google is a revolutionary company  and after college  Im gonna work for them :D	the greatest search engine ever	I love google because its the most efficient search engine  plus they have much more to offer than searching the web!	rofl no doubt it rocks   n noone can dare to beat it unless he/she has a mindset like Google : )	poop on your face blippr  poop all over your blippry face	Google has changed the way the Web has been seen in the past  It brought and continues to bring huge opportunities for the right business to explore and benefit	what should i say ? it is Google! that means soooo cooool!	Fantastic resource for latest information and discussion of Social Media   Covers not only new technology  but how it is affecting culture too   Very useful	its gettin better and better	Im impress  Its great being updated so fast Thanks	Theres a reason the digital world goes into a panic when Google goes down  Awesome service across the board	Google  will take over the world  I like  I hope Google destroy corrupted politicians!	I love Google  because nobody else does so great work for us and so much amazing products!:D	Either I have been brainwashed by using it so much that I think google or it is very intuitive	Google is great  Does a lot to help small biz  I can understand why it is #1 search engine   Colette Aoki  http://www designsngold com	Google Sidewiki entry on This >>> week in the future http://ff im/9dPGW about 11 hours ago	Google knows too much	Well  I have not loved anything as much as I love Google for a long time now   I even like the ads: they are relevant and helpful!  I mean  how great is that?	i love love love google!   im such a nerd  Whats not to love about them? They will rule the world  And who doesnt love that kinnda power?	Google is accurate search results provider	Lately google changed the way it index things but still my number 1 search engine  Easy to use  http://www nihonomaru com/	I think google should start a country  haha :)	Best Search Engine Ever! If theyd just gimme some SEO love    ;)	Ive loved Google since 2000  when it was starting to find its voice & power  Google is the ultimate Social Network  Your Online Reputation is in search results	Offers an amazing window into the world and edits our choice transparently  mega clever  They are not evil yet but could easily fall into the wrong hands	So much power  so few hands  Too many US government ties  Schmidt is already attending Bilderberg meetings  which means Google became evil a long time ago	google is my best friend  seriously could not get through a day without google calendar  docs  and reader  not to mention gmail  oh gmail	Best Search Engine Ever	Its Just Amazing  Most of the things I dream of Google has it or working on it  Most Important they are willing to listen to Ideas  Suggestions from us	haha   another best blogger widget ay     http://pangkyjannewton blogspot com/	I love Google!!!!!!  Oh Yes I do!	Cant live without it! (very geek lol)	Dont know how I would function without it!  So many features   so little time!	I am trying to remember a time when there was no Google  was there a time?? How did we function?	This app   keeps me organized  informed and connected	I am always stuck with Google in my life :D	I am always stuck with Google in my life :D	Awesome and keeps getting Awesome er	extremely important in our new world	others have tried  and in my opinion  have failed	They are just trying to sink their toes in all our lives  Then the big bang will come the fees for all thease services will take place  How cool willl they be?	lovely open API   everything is fine	Introduced to Google in 1999  lovin it ever since  If librarians love it  you know its good  cause librarians are search experts online	I dont expect to have to pay someday for all my great Google tools  They are not Microsoft  They are funded by their carefully placed ads  Good for G and me	i love google   they are a very unique company   they are capable of doing anything and have the resources and money to do it  they are the modern day microsoft	Well  Google is Just Amazing   or I can say Google is a Unique way to use internet  No one can beat Big G !	GOOGLE= WAVE + CHROME OS + CHROME BROWSER + GO LANGUAGE = GREATgle ; )	Cant think of my digital life without it	wish it was more mac friendly though!	Google knows far to much of everybody	Google makes life in the digital age possible	itzzz just koool                  i love google and itzzz products a lot all d best to all itzzz team                          ddrocks	Google rules! I must say that I am mighty impressed with all they do for us! Love my Android phone and I am sure that Wave will change the way of communication!	Who hates Google? Who? Sure we may not know how many litres in a gallon (3 78) but it leaves space in our braing for more necessary knowledge	Theyll do as much as possible to scrape your data and use it to sell you things  Strangely  if its Google doing it  people applaud it	So many great products and inovations!	Google is taking over the world   and I for one welcome it with open arms  :)	How can you not like Google    unless you work for Microsofts Bing	The UI is too simplistic for me   and other search engines do better  look better and have a better feel overall	Its basically the new God	Who doesnt love Google  I use all the apps that are very nicely integrated with the Android mobile OS	Nicely integrates the services  And I absolutely love the simplistic UI	best way to use internet!!	best search engine EVA	nothin has come close to dethrone google search !	i <3 google v v much :))	Google are ingenious about their business  They offer free products and services that are always high quality and with the community desires in mind  I <3 them	always innovative  happy w/ the vid captioning/translating svc  w/ youtube & google	i love it coz its best	Bing is much more easy and fun	It is like a search engine made for u personaly lol :)D+ max sumasu lol   :spin:	Without any doubt  Googles search engine is my best friend	Who wouldnt love Google? Desktop  Picassa   GMail and now Wave make my life so much simpler and easy to manage!	havent used another search engine in years	Simple  efficient and familiar	google is taking over the world  and i love it!	who doesnt love google?!! lol honestly if u go to google it loads faster than any other search engine	The best search engine	I try to use Bing sometimes    but then I laugh and always go back to Google	like  seriously   any competition?? Nah  :D	what can i add  from noun to a household word	Who doesnt love Google ??	In case of not going evil (getting out of alien control) I adore it :]	The BEST search engine EVER!!!!!!!	It just works for me!  Watching TV a movie  reading a book  I quickly pull up info and fill in the blanks	Google has consistently brought me my followers and believers search   Roya Dayspring   SHOUT out the results  God is moving in mysterious ways indeed  PEACE !	Simple  clean  informative  festive  educational  reliable  Chrome is fast fast fast!  =D	I dont like the taste of Googles cookies	I swore long ago that I would never use anything but Yahoo!  until one day I used Google    END OF STORY	Great company  great ethics  great products	Great company  hope it keeps the good job (innovation  ethics  creativity   )	its simple yet amazingly powerful :)	My favourite search engine  Google offers quick and easy access to an array of websites  high quality images and outstanding maps	their motto is dont be evil give away tons of helpful stuff and services and are pushing web developers to make a better user experience for everyone	its fast  adaptable  reliable   what more is there to say?	I just want to say goodbye to the Windows world  and Google looks likely to help me do that  I will never forgive Microsoft for the pile of s***t called Vista	Still lots more to come from Google! Be it out their current sleeves or in the short term future or the wonderful goals in their long term visions  Greatest eve	google rocks  need I say more?	it just works! they do have awful user agreements if you happen to have read them  but who doesnt?! let us hope they will never be abused	bings a joke  google saving queries a few months longer is utterly insignificant; no impact on my experience  better search results  and best webmail too!	turn key solution   ; ) what else do you want?	I can use the Google translator! Awesome!	Reinventing what we expect from info resources and how/where we can employ them  Gotta love Google	best search engine	So much more than search Amazing company that does far more things well than poorly and learns from its few mistakes  like customer service for the nexus 1 lol	Dont be Evil why cant other companies be like that?	Their search algorithms keep developers accountable so they have to build real sites with real content  PPC limits mean the rich dont rule the web  G rocks!	As a user of Google for about two years now I am so glad that I decided to become a member  Google is better than any other out there	Best search engine there is  Its algorithm is nearly perfect!	google blows goatz	The internet wouldnt be what it is without Google	Google is essential to every day modern life now and it is almost impossible to go without	Boon to Modern Mankind	gud afternoon tweeple: )	Mind bogglingly innovative awesomeness!	Bing does everything google does and does most of it better than google    especially video search where it allows a preview with mouse over	Without google you would have to find your way around the web with the likes of Yahoo & MSN  I wouldnt bother going online if that was the case	The only real search engine in my mind	Google rocks cant wait to take my google spaceship into space	I would not conceive my daily working life without Google  Impossible not to have it for a journalist	Duh! Best search ever!!	I can no longer imagine a world where there is no Google =D	What can i say     thank you google for making life easier :D	Google is da best search engine	Its    Google! Best search engine  best office apps  best rss reader    and proved daily	Mom  dad   how did you learn things before Google was invented?	Google changed the internet for the better  The standard to which all other internet technologies aspire to meet	My personal favorite search engine  It always gets me to where I want to go in search	My favorite search engine	Re: phones & stuff   Isnt one of your basic precepts that it is better to do one thing really really well?   Im just saying	In short google culture is really awesome!	Google Sucks   lets face it     dont be evil is just bullshit	I like this company too much	Not a Google fanboy or hater    I like what they do    but if they get it wrong then Ill be one of the first to complain	I love google i use iit 90% of the time   I just dont like their hopping on froogle they use alot of scammers on their froogle brand  google is a keeper*vet344	The best invention since buttered toast!  There would be no life without google!	haha  google is the best :)	I love google but I love Chicago OBGYN John Weitzner more  http://www JWeitzner com	Google keeps pouring useful service after useful service  My online life would be a lot harder without it	like their shares moved a lot in the right direction  north ^	Google owns the world	The fact that it customizes its search algorithm to my more frequently searched strings  yields the closest match to my interests   Genius!	i like for google website	Google always comes up with something new and interesting  And I agree  Google owns the world  Well  at least the digital world	i <3 google! especially on my android and now google chrome! its the best	Google maps was the reason I became interested in exploration and discovering historical places!	I just love googling with the help of google Google has shaped my life in many ways by helping me in almost each field of my problems I just wanna thank google	Its amazing  I can check my mails (from other accounts as well)  I can chat & now I can even Gweet (Buzz)  Can we say it Gwitter Book  ? www DezinoGraphist com	Smashing SE  adwords center  googlemaps  email client  sitemap    etc  They changed this game and we know it	Who doesnt? Except maybe the Bing guys	cum on its Google!! I have a Google phone  I use gmail  I live Google	Lifes better with google  Easier  But still worried bout privacy	Nothing to say except Google it! Best thing on the web!	Google is my favorite company	Simple and clean   I love it!	Google is just awesome  If they take over the world  Im happy with it	I would follow Google to the ends of the earth! Ok not really  but they did pull me away from Outlook as well as a lot of my time spent with Office (GDocs baby!	Google is the single greatest search engine	Glad bing entered the scene   keeping google on their toes	One of the best things to ever happen to the web  The greatest enhancement to web searching since web searching was introduced  Google is the web search king	Its the best thing to have happened to the web !	At least its not a new application  Its a new way to use Gmail!:)	dominant yet versatile and innovative	Google is the reigning champion of winning    Google is for Net Neutrality  Open internets  and the freedom of information   Google is my dreamgirl	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Regular searches done automatically and sent to me  Love it!	I have been handing more and more parts of my life over to google	Cool   universal  promising search!	Just the most accurate  relevant search results there are	I hope it doesnt spread itself too thin across too many things	Google has become central to my web use	I love everything about Google  Its just perfect	Love Mahalo  com better	i really love its perfect!	Best overall search and related services provider	Google is where I left everything I have ever/ never known	Best company in whole world :))))	Google is part of my daily life  Email  maps  web search  reading  everything  Its awesome	simple  fast and full of services  all i want!	Absolute best search	as long as they stay not evil  we love it	Love it But     its kill of the job Opportunities	aw google is d best home for a n00b to geek	Nothing better than Google as search or as a Tech company	Nothing to say  Dont know how to improve  Fast	it changed the search engine world  then it started change anything :)	i am in love with Google  you Can Just Say That I am The Biggest Fan Of Google!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!          :)	http://twitter com/elgozoman siganmeee / follow me!!!	Provides me free productivity tools	How can any company with a motto of Dont be evil be bad? Just look what they did for Christmas last year  And all their services are free  <3 I LOVE YOU	Het is weinigen gegegeven om van een merk een werkwoord te maken	It is the advertisers ultimate dream  the users ultimate dream  the websites ultimate dream  and it is executed perfectly!	Whats not to love! They give everybody what they want  usually for free    unless you count the cost of them collecting all that great data about your every mo	The best of anything you could ever think of  Useful  respectful  trendy  geeky  mobile    and the list goes on!	tidak perlu penjelasan lagi  merubah segalanya di internet	Fantastic resource for everything  G00gle is an extension of my brain	Google has changed everybody  everywhere  for good   we have access to all the information we ever wanted on all things and everybody; the bad   same argument	almost everyday i met Google	Google is my entire life  without it wed all be lost in the crazed world of technology	Awesome company! One of the best internet solutions today! Cool development of technology :D	its is just ace  what more could you want  maps  search  email  ect	Ive used it almost everyday for the last 10 years	If you havent used anything by Google yet  you have some serious catching up to do   :)	The top dog in search and information around the world! Big Brother haha	google is becoming evil however much we all like it	The first site I open  Google rocks! My favorite company :D :D :D	Google always makes my day!!! Thats why we meet each other every day	Love google! Not such a fan of its face off with Apple! Apple is always gonna win in my eyes!!	the most revolutionary company in modern history	but its like Gizmo the mogwai  and its wet  Its spawning apps  and getting late  Once they decide to start feeding off users itll be 2 late 2 stop them	We love it  Google  worlds No 1 Search Engine  We appreciate great effort on it  THEOSOFT http://www theosoftindia com	I switched once to Bing  Another time to Ask com  Switched back soon after  Ask is okay  but its certainly no Google		
336660	Simple and effective  And the provider of vlips (video blips)  too!	been a fan since alpha days  the twitter of video rocks  try it out	I dont have a 12secs a/c but love the idea behind it  However I dont like that vlips are public I would only want to share with family	I dont think we can express our feeling  and self just in 12 seconds video Maybe its good attempt & differ from other video platform	my favorite video tool for short bursts of on camera spontaneity   as you can no doubt tell from my collection of vids ;)	Use this occasionally since its now integrated in Tweetdeck   Nice setup but Im not much of a video person	Getting better and better	Its a great idea  but not enough people seem to use it  :/	12 seconds to let some see something  nice concept	I love 12seconds  think of it as Twitter in video form	Microblogging in video form! I dont use it as often as Id like  because the lighting in here isnt that great at night  and I dont have a camera when Im out	The video microblogging platform!	Twitter for videos  Smart & unique  but hard to get started for shy folks like me :)	Very intriguing  Fun  Somewhat of a train wreck right now  but its got potential	great resource for quick video and posting to posterous	Its a good idea  just a bit poorly executed    If they integrated it into the facebook status or twitter  then itd be a love	If you love Twitter  youll probably like 12seconds  Not for the hardcore vloggers  but a good way to show what youre talking about for verbal communicators		
337077	The best blog commenting system  Easy to use and powerful  New engagement features make this the top comment system for blogs	Perfect for Tumblr  and theyre quick to integrate new features like video comments and facebook  <3 the twitter integration on mashable hoping to have that soo	I love the socialization of blog comments    Only reason I like vs love Disqus is because IntenseDebate is slightly better IMHO	Loving its new features on Mashable	Really slick commenting system for blogs   Discovered on Tumblr & loved it   Love having all my comments in one place	never worked right in my self hosted WordPress	Easy to install  works well  nice solution for comments in a Tumblelog on Tumblr	An ideal social commenting plugin for wordpress!	Potentially very useful   A good service already could be great once this new all in one comments service (seen on Mashable) is released	A quality service with just the right plug in for my favorite blogging platform  Tumblr	really great serivce  awesome stuff	I like this one a lot  but I think it should be on more sites    I dont like that it doesnt work on my blog	It can be extremely useful  but I honestly dont use it very much  I wish it were used on more sites	Simple way to integrate comments into your site  I use it for Tumblr	The idea is great  Problem is  noone I know is using it  So for me  its just a comment system that works pretty much just like any other  Shame	love Disqus  Great with Blogger	Hmm its a nice service but I would rather recommend Intense Debates commenting system  (http://intensedebate com/)	My favorite comment system but I maybe slightly bias   heh	This is very interesting and seems like it can be a great tool I have to go back and explore some more but if ur fully versed you might <3 it!	 We just started using and it works great	the best way to comment	Very nice  Im surprised by how well Disqus handles spam	Looks really cool  in terms of function  but I dont like having their brand look so prominent on our site	If only tumblr had it built in *sigh*	good think to find my comments	I like Disqus  in it that in many ways	I love the way you can post with your Facebook account  I also love how it lists trackbacks	With an 18 hour battery life the HP Envy 13 would make my friends green with envy if I won	Still mixed about it  Learning mode	I need to learn more about it  I like it so far  and I think it has potential	I hate having to login and create profiles on every site   disqus makes it so much easier!	Stuck somewhere in between   Like the idea of Disqus   Cannot always sign onto Disqus   :/	If I were to integrate my comments and control them from one central point    its cooler than cool  Its like those universal remote controls where you control		
337076	uStream tv is a great streaming video platform  and deserves a blip  In fact  theyre all pretty spiffy	ustream tv leading the way  great team  love it	Pretty cool broadcast tool  Hey that rhymes!	ustream is a  huge service: free live broadcast on the web with chat  Twitter  polls and linked subtitles  Excelent! ;)	Really awesome  Its as good as BlogTV	Ustream is a great site for blog TV	Mixed feelings  Phishtube good  Tila Tequila  well  journalists who claim twitter is changing our lives should be forced to watch her cam show  :P	Awesome service  Use it with my school radio and all :D	Great live streaming feed	Great service for streaming live video for free	Meh    Youtube is better  but for live tv (which isnt that important to me) this owns	Ustream is a great service for watching and broadcasting live events online  Just watched a Kiss concert on Ustream live yesterday  :D	After Ben Parrs reporting Tila Tequillas meltdown on USTREAM  I became a bit more familiar   Very effective and great replay quality!	Beware By streaming to Ustream tv you grant Ustream tv worldwide sublicensable irrevocable right to use  reproduce  modify  adapt and exploit user submissions	Like it some what better than YOUTUBE USTREAM seems easier to upload		
337073	A very useful FF plug in for the tweeting inclined	From like to dislike  illustrated that competitors are always there! Still without spell check!!!	Really cool  simple way to Tweet from Firefox  Also see TwitterFox	I am trying this  since Im not feeling tweetdeck! Im going to give it another day	Not bad  but doesnt have the comfy feeling of ol buddy ICQ  like TwitterFox does  (ICQ  gosh    Im getting old   )	Probably the simplest and most usable Firefox   Twitter plugin		
390295	Sweet app!  Really giving Tweetie a run for its money!	Like it  but it keeps crashing on me	Tweetdeck crashes every hour on m pc  Why would I transfer that frustration to my phone?	Easy to set up after the download at the iTunes store  Set up the account to sync and it looks great  =D	Crashed twice after installing  Sluggish controls  UI is beautify  Room for improvement  a killer app!	Def beats tweetie  The interface is clean and it syncs my groups with my tweetdeck on my computer   Love it   Def earns its spot on my iphone!	Am I too greedy to wish I could add a Facebook column?	Definitely will compete with Tweetie  Not a Tweetdeck fan on my computer but may become a Tweetdeck fan on my iPhone  Crashed once so far  iPhone Hootsuite next	Cant find it in my apps to download   tried tweetdeck and tweet deck   what am I doing wrong?	Way better than any free app  for some reason I thought there was an integrated facebook status feed  also having problem creating a tweetdeck username	Love the interface  Not very stable (crashed 4 time already)  More customization would be nice (bg color  refresh rate)  Good so far  wanting updates soon	Clearly early version  sluggish  too much going on  already crashed on me once  Sticking with Tweetie for now	Looks cool and works ok  Crashed once already  not on App Store WiFi yet  Go to desktop Itunes @nonprofitadvice	Its tiny a little hard to read  I first thought I could enlarge columns  Not bad though its useful to perhaps check all my groups quickly  Im mixed	Created a group  could not add people  nor could I delete the group  Potential is there  not ready for release	Really digging new #Tweetdeck for iPhone/iPod touch  lots of features  Loving the layout	Love the UI  Very clever way to display multiple panels of content   Excellent work TD Team!	I would love it if I could update facebook at the same time  I thought that was one of the features	Love the UI  but it has crashed on me 5x in first 5 minutes of use	* Crashed twice * Told me I wasnt connect to internet  I was * Like the UI * Limits refreshes to 100/hr?! Likely wont hit that but if I do Id drop it	One more reason to love my iPhone  Ive been using it for twenty minutes and its been great	What about facebook updates? The desktop version does it	So far  not bad  I like the UI + functionality  Some hiccups though  Something backend unstable  Also annoyed @ req 4 superlong password  Whats up with that?	Works great! Remember to restart your Iphone after installation	Ugly and crashes a lot	it works great! awesome app	Missing features  UI is a little hard to navigate  Dont like having to mark tweets as read  Overall its still nice  though Im sticking with tweetie for now	some bugs but it looks good so far   Faster than TwitterFon	Overall great UI  cool way of managing columns  it lacks the ability of selecting friends to add in tweets  I like anyways  Prefer TwitterFon yet	It works better with Iphones	The more I use it  the less I like it  Crashes  screens dont completely draw  UI was cool at first but quickly becomes annoying  Back to Tweetie for me	I think that people will like it because it reminds them of the Pre a bit   a bit buggy and would like Facebook integration (maybe ping fm like tweetie)	THE BEST TWITTER APP FOR IPHONE EVER!! I think it is so far	Looks and feels right  But I would like a landscape keyboard option	So far it seems pretty good  Like all first versions there are some glitches  The best part is how it syncs with the desktop version to keep all your groupings	Works very well for me  Great design  I like the sync and multiple accounts feature  Well done	works as expected    on three different computers + ipod touch	nice but the internal browser is slow and sometime get stuck	Im trying to like TweetDeck for the iPhone  but I can do more with tweets on Tweetie than I can in TweetDeck  Columns are great; Memory hog  lacks features	Love that columns sync between this & desktop over air; wish sync kept track of whats been read though  Anyone figure out a way to do this?	Desktop version is good  but this is too much for an iPhone app  Just need basic features  and Tweetie or Twitterrific are better for that	Is definitely a Twitter client that Ive been waiting for  but agree that its not for the casual Twitter users  See my detailed review http://tr im/td4iphone	May love it later  I love Desktop Tweetdeck so a replicated experience on iPhone rocks  Tracking  whats been read across both would really rock	Much better execution that its desktop counterpart!	better than twitteriffic  plus no ads	Best looking iPhone Twitter app  Columns are great! Crashes a little too often and doesnt seem to sync with desktop version properly	Very nice design to it and there arent any ads but I personally prefer Twitteriffic	I use this on my Iphone touch  Great Job!	cant live without it   keeps my Tweeps upfront and center! and lets me organize contacts  thx TweetDeck @cirina http://www digitalproductionbuzz com	Theres nothing better than having Twitter available for you at all times! Outside of the random crash or 2  this has been my favorite way to Twit on my iPhone!	This is a really great twitter app  It has a nice design  Although sometimes it gets kind of crowded in my opinion  Its also as good as the desktop version	My favourite out of all the free iPhone Twitter apps Ive used   I use it all the time	tweetdeck for iphone is an excellent app	Much better than Twinkle and other Tweeting application ! Nothing to say about it but an unimportant thing	Very good app for using Twitter on the iPhone  It does crash occasionally on my iPhone  though		
348750	i used to love it but now it feels to cluttered with so many new features and partnerships  like meebo and rotten tomatoes	meebo is way better than this	I like it well enough could be better but really good for a basic movie profile decorate quizzes friends IM it has quite a bit	i love filxter because it the best iv ever been on it better  than gmail and most of the other messangers i dont i like flixter rocks wow u rock flixster	Blippr is much better!	A thorough site for film fans  this offers: release dates; quizzes; polls; and images		
339241	absolutely marvelous for preserving precious memories	Completely agree    Im officially going to become a social media scrapbooker!	the best app on my phone  i love it	The realtime collaboration is what I love most    I added three friends of mine to a friday night moment and we all added photos & videos to the same flow!	fantastic way to share your life with your friends and family  best parts: works within existing social networks; allows collaborative galleries; and its free!		
385184	At last  a nice common dashboard for my twitter and facebook (and many other!) accounts No installation required and great filtering capabilities	Not for the weak of heart  but once you get it  you get it   Great application	@PeopleBrowsr is my favorite twitter app! Its web based so I can access my stacks on any computer at work  at home or on the road!	Probably the most complete twitter app		
337614	The functionality is good  but only when it works and is not crashing  Which isnt very often	Theres no reason for this to exist now Skype for iPhone has been released	Ideal on my phone  all my social network web 2 0  stuff on the go! skype  twitter  gmail   and many more in one app! (my data use is getting higher!)	I use it daily :)		
336896	Whats more better in online activities if not share the link & bookmarks in a single room	Even better now theyve got shut of those daft dots in their name  Trying to remember where they went when typing the name out was a right pain in the arse	one of the best things about the internet	Im sad that they changed theiri URL  but I like the service  Having my favorites in one place is sure convenient	Good site  but discarded it as I use too many such services   If there was a way to submit to it when I bookmark/like on other services then great  but alas	I like it for quickly keeping bookmarks  Good at sorting through tags and categories	The best online bookmarking site around	I use for just on thing  to keep track of all recepies I made  and its very easy to find something back	Their most recent redesign is cherry	so useful   i just love it	Use it for sharing sites with friends  not so much for tagging itself	I wish they supported Opera and Google Chrome better	All my important bookmarks are stored here	Delicious is a great service   Having all your bookmarks wherever you go is a must for just about anyone	Diigo com  StumbleUpon  r way much Better then it   also Diigo can cross post in Del icio us  so why need Del icio us	Not bad  But diigo is way better since it can archive screenshots  search full text etc	Labyrinth of links  i like it but theres no future for it	Site is perfect for tag based search and the firefox plugin makes it perfectly easy to manage thousands of bookmarks	Smart and useful  my favourites shared with my network!	Good UI  and a decent way to store and share all of your bookmarks	The new design and improved APIs really brought me back to Delicious after giving up on it a few years ago	Cool ideas to organize bookmarks	us it every day  Like to have more group functions	I auto back up my bookmarks here although I do use the built in Firefox bookmarks too	I used to  but now I want Worio    Bye bye delicious	Delicious is nice and simple  I love it	Best bookmarking site  You can access your bookmarks anywhere  I use it every day and have over 70 bookmarks!	IMO  the best social bookmarking site  ever  Been using it since early 2004	maybe the best bookmark place	Very improved Book marking site	My one and only bookmarking service  Nothing beats it	I went to the delicious website  saw a ton of spam links  got lost really quickly  and I still have no idea why anyone uses it    What a waste of my 20 minutes	I use delicious just for when I find a website at work that I want to use at home  however  email works good too	the best and simple way to keep your favorites	Ensures an unorganized mess like me doesnt lose the cool stuff I find	Great bookmark tool	Delicious is a great service and can be very useful  however I think the simple nature of the sites design is sometimes confusing to navigate and understand	The best online (synchronizable) bookmarking tool!	Lo uso a volte    / Still hoocked on traditional bookmarks	Used to love it  but has become stupid ever since they blocked it from search spiders   i can never find my profile URL when Im away from my PC and need it!	I like to have my Bookmarks near me	Along with the accompanying FF extension  Delicious is the best way to organize and share bookmarks	I couldnt live without it  Its my favorite tool for saving and sharing bookmarks	I really like this app  I always use it  It has been a great tool for me when Im doing research for college	I think that xmarks has better built in functionality	Love it  great backup for those PC re installs	love the extensive sorting features of this very easy to use bookmarking app   one of yahoos best investments	Im using this service for more then a year  It integrates well with with any browser  Allowed me to forget local favorites!	I like it! It is simply good	Best bookmarking site out there  Much better than Digg and all the political bitching on their site	Not bad   but not as good as digg com	I never knew something this wonderful existed until recently   Not only does it organize MY stuff  but it provides infinite resources for me too!	Of the four bookmarking services I have used I keep coming back to delicious  Still the most reliable! Greasemonkey scripts increase its friendliness	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	The best way to collect  find and share my bookmarks	Very convenient to bookmark at work and at home  Beats keeping a log of favorite sites to share with others eventually	The best social bookmark service  so far  :)	Great place to keep my bookmarks so I can access them anywhere	Most pointless tool I have ever seen  compared to stumble upon are you kiding me this is like wtf	entahlah  aku tidak begitu suka		
336654	Easily my favorite blog service  Fast  simple  and highly customizable  A good community of other tumblrs and consistent implementations of improvements	The easy bloging tool for the rest of us;)	Tumblr is both extremely simple and extremely versatile  yet neither of these attributes are in competition with each other	The easiest blogging app around  inclusive of some killer aesthetic features and layout options  Bravo	As of right not Im not impressed  Hard to customize and doesnt seem to be user friendly  I rather stick with Blogger	Great way to broadcast pretty much anything	I like the idea of blogging but cant be arsed to take the time to post stuff  Which is why Tumblr suits me down to the ground  Nice & easy  click click done	By far my most favoritest blogging site	Super easy to use for beginners  but lacks some much needed SEO features	every time a feed breaks it spits it out and the feed has 2 b readded  annoying amount of babysitting	different  but better than twitter	It has a very handy setup and is nice to use complete with feeds  :) http://www jstratford tumblr com	I only use Tumblr for saving pictures and its starting out to be a very nice collection    And it saves space on my pc	its so beautiful whats not to love	Easy to use  simple layout but still theres plenty of space to customize it  I used Wordpress before  now Im hailing the Tumblr	Its a great app  but between my wordpress blog and twitter  it makes it kinda redundant	combines the function of a blog with community extremely well  I love posting my own content as much as reading what others have to say	So far  so good  Simpler and more useful than this  only Twitter	Great blog site   Huge fan	I just discovered it  and I love it!	I love the ease of it and its different categories  Customizable and different	Tumblr is great a way of posting the things that are just to long for Twitter :)	I could say i love it but    Something more would be so perfect	i havent been able to find anything wrong~	How can anyone not love Tumblr? Its absolutely fucking fabulous	The just right blog platform	Im one fanatic tumbling fool	Defiantly the BEST blogging platform  EVER	Perfect blogging format for non professional level expression  Easy to use  versatile  simple	A nice  simple blog tool  highly compatible with the iPhone	Tumblr is a great way to share snippets of the web with little to no commentary  Simple and easy to update	Now if I could only keep up a blog for longer than two weeks	I like the idea of this app but it hasnt really hooked me yet	What a great site  Wish I could use it more often  Simple and intuitive	one click away thats it Simple but powerful	I thought it was clean good looking and fairly easy to use   now only if i could get more of my friends to join it would be soo much better	Easy to use  Great for posting links to media and stealing stuff off others  See my own page  for instance  (Cool layout   but nicked from someone else)	still need more of my friends to join	Started using tumblr yesterday  Fantastic mini blogging service  Looks great  dead simple and still highly customisable	Neat  but would like to see more & easier ways to customize a Tumblelog	A good blend between other blogging apps and Twitter  Its like blogging express  Couldnt be easier to use yet still suitable for advanced bloggers	Easiest and most flexible blog platform   bar none	Good  but prefer something that is open source and running on my own servers    like WordPress	Yeah I like it as I dont need lots of options  I just want to blog as & when but with speed	good interface  really easy to use	Meh  I made one and only used it 2 or 3 times  Maybe a little too simple  I read a few tumblelogs sometimes but for my own use I prefer blogger	I was a bit skeptic about Tumblr  but a couple of days ago  I was deciding to use it as my personal art blog  Really cool themes and customization options!	great blend of stumbleupon and twitter  Id keep mine if I werent maintaining so many blogs already  :D	Something between blogger and twitter  Just what I always wanted and needed!	How simple is this? So nice that you can log on so simply and interface with other applications so easily! Fabulous!	nice but i prefer posterous	STILL GETTING TO KNOW MY WAY AROUND   CAME HERE THRU FACEBOOK	Like the interface of the site & iphone app   Glad to see an actual directory of other users finally	best place to share pics	It probably is the easiest and quickest way to make a simple blog  but for anything more  WordPress all the way!	I use it for my blog and it is great!	Great blogging service  mix between twitter and wordpress! Minimal and very easy to use and complex when you need it to be	custom HTML/CSS my site is powered by tumblr com simple and easy to use http://romanzolotarev com	Tumblrs really good for people who dont have time to write long articles  or want to have lots of media only posts	i appreciate   want to see how what will be in the future	Best blogging platform  hands down  A fun community  a fun app  My favorite platform and social network	good blogging platform to promote my work	Ive been a Tumblr user since 2007  and Ive always appreciated its versatility in hosting different types of art	i just registered first with blippr and then with Tumblr	Self hosted tumblelogging at its best  Hosted my first blog there and was very satisfied	Awesome style of blogging! Love the simplicity of it  Great Job :3	The best micro personal blogging service	I totally love Tumblr! http://www tumblr com	While Ive only just started using Tumblr  from my experience so far I can say its absolutely perfect for the micro blogger  a dream!	Ive been having fun figuring out Tumblr  a very accessible  polished blogging alternative that makes blogging/sharing as easy as falling down	Great microblog publishing tool!	its the easies way to blog share ideas	Nice Simple and Clean this is what I use for my blog its awesome	The ability to set themes is great!	Theres always something interesting  funny  amusing  touching  to find everyday  Simple and easy to use too  Makes everything much more fun	One of the best micro blogging service :) Load of themes and you can even make one urself :)	Tumblr has an amazing UI  and makes for an excellent platform on which to blog small bits and pieces  Also one of the simplest and easiest to use platforms	I prefer Posterous (the email function wins it) but Tumblr comes a close second	Easier to understand than twitter  in my opinion	essential  just (and exactly) what you need	I am just learning about it  I am finding it easy to use	Trying   kinda like the themes	Easily customizable blog  very efficient	great micro blogging tool thats far more colourful than twitter	The best blogging platform!  Makes uploading cool finds quick and dead simple   Love it	LOVE  clean  artsy  fun	really fun and easy   nice to play around with when youre bored	A great blogging platform that does many things very well  It has a couple of set backs that keeps it from being as good as it could be	I like it  but I dont understand how combines with my other blogs and apps    no yet	In less than 15 minutes  my mom knew how to (micro)blog! Thanks  Tumblr!	Fun and easy way to get writing and publishing	great way to blog with little commitment	Easy  Elegant and Efficient!	Microblogging made easy! Lovely interfaces and dead simple theming system  Really addicting too	I use them for work  to accompany presentations & keep as an additional channel to my other blogs	Its fun and easy  Kind of like Twitter  but you can do more with it	i enjoy tumblr   fun and easy       ! :)	Fun  easy blogging!	I have a TUMBLR account that Ive had for years and love there site !	Fun  easy and personal	im starting : )) lets see :D	great blogging site  Easy	its really fun and easy to use  its like facebook and twitter put together but better!	im gonna start one soon :)	at first it was kinda confusing because i was expecting it to be a lot like fb   Its actually nothing like fb   its more like a library of really cool stuff	Very slick  solid feel to the dashboard interface  Tumblr is like twitter without the spewage  Great at long posts too	one of the funnest blogging sites out there and so easy to use and customize	The simplest most intimate blogging site around	Tumblr = Twitter on steroids	my timblr blog http://hamouda tumblr com/	Easy to use and set up  Beautiful themes	It truly is effortless  I have 3 tumblogs going effortlessly  =)		
337622	Horrible interface   and very less features	Hotmail is so 80s  Gmail is the only way to go	Hotmail de cu eh rola! Milhoes de spams por minuto!	gmail is way better	Hotmail is an easy way to share something with your friends  It is awsome   !!	It is alright and extra space for mails is cool	horrible  the worse mail client	Horrible    I prefer to check my e mail through www hotmail com Besides  Gmail is a better mail client	Horrible interface and gives the weird impression of being a requirement to access the internet	will done :) The new live mail is good	I hate how it adds advertisement to messages all the time  Its super slow	It is OK and seems to be getting better every few months  Gmail has more features but the live interface is clearer	Not friendly to Linux users  Cant get Thunderbird to download it from Windows Vista or Linux Ubuntu	Recently it has been really slow and at times it goes completely down! And a big disadvantage is that it doesnt have SMTP so useless for smartphones	Still works like a charm  since ever  First email I ever made  and Ive never needed any other	Still good  Does exactly what it says on the box and has been doing so for almost as long as the Internets been around		
336653	Single handedly changed the way I use webmail  I dont think I could live without it now  Seriously	love it! i use this for email everyday!	More space and better features than its competitors and  at the moment  the only Webmail service you can access offline  I wouldnt use anything else	Best Web2 0 e mail client on the web	I really like the fact that Gmail doesnt erase your emails after so many days and youre able to look up past IM conversations  Even better  its FREE!	The best webmail! Clean interface  good usability  various features and very fast!	My premium e mail client	Unlimited storage  no deleting  super easy searching of everything ever sent or received  plus a good chat tool and other extras  Gmail rocks my socks	For me Gmail isnt a webmail client; it IS email  Other email clients are inferior for a number of reasons  primarily *threaded conversations*	Simply the best  Now if Google only made a desktop client that beat Outlook	I dont see what all the fuss is about   I much prefer outlook	I use gmail constantly  I love the integrated chat and the way conversations are arranged for easy reading	Gmail redefined email for me   If I could use it for everything I would   It is nearly perfect	I love gmail  Its simple and has all the functions Ill ever need	fast and to the point  very nice app	Melhor e mail de todos os tempos	always tries to load basic html!	Never use any other email app  This one surpasses them all  especially in user friendliness	love it! easy to use  takes some getting used to  but well worth it	Best Email service	I have used everything  Still gmail is the best	Robust and clean! Integrated chat  OCD enabling features  Its awesome and constantly getting better	Best of the webmail apps Ive used  adore it so much   Makes dealing with mail so easy	The webmail interface is great  but I use my own email client (Evolution) since you can  Free IMAP support is awesome!	I forward all of my work email to my gmail account  which then propagates down to every mobile device I own  It is the central hub of my e communications	Absolutely  hands down  the greatest email service in existence  And its not even commercial (yet)!	By far the most user friendly and flexible email service I have found   Far better than MSN/Yahoo/Any other free email service	Gmail is the best email service there is  Its clean and easy to use  Its increasing free storage makes me use it even more	Gmail is fantastic   I used to do all my works on it !	Your opinion of this app in 160 characters or less	Spam free and delicious	well    er    an email app    yeah it does what it says on the tin  it delivers emails into my inbox  10/10 for that  isnt technology wonderful	Worth it for spam filtering alone	Havent found anything that would match the quality of  Gmail	Spam free  for the most part  and far less cluttered than other services Ive tried in the past  Awesome email service  Labels instead of folders help as well	kedvenc mail oldalam	Using it daily :)	Nice email service	I use this for every email account I have now   The powerful search is worth it alone	Im still on MS Outlook/Exchange  Gmail is still not 100% reliable nor does it have all the smart features/addons I have in Outlook   Its close though	a loyal users since 2005     keeps getting better : )	Been using Gmail for years and plan on using it for many years to come!	cant beat it   no need for a PC based client any more	Looking back at my first email sent with Gmail in August 2004  I cant imagine going back to anything else  Truly an addicting app  good job Google!	Simply  the definitive email	Way better than Hotmail or Y!	clean  customizable interface with fast search capabilities  Whats not to like ?	good is getting better	Needed to warm up to  but couldnt live w/o it now	By far the best web based email application  I dont understand why Hotmail is still being used   its poo!	It changed the way we use mail  Now  all other softwares or platforms looks anachronic	theres e mail  and then theres Gmail	The greatest email ever  So clean and neat and user friendly  and tons of storage space  Easy on the eyes too  :)	Love it  I swapped to Gmail permanently a year or 2 ago   Now only use Outlook to download a backup of my mail	Gmail is the best e mail application there is  I always found Hotmail and Yahoo mail to be ugly and old fashioned  but then Gmail came along  Fabulous	Simple  intuitive email  raised the bar for all other webmail services	Best Email client there is	A simple  intuative  stable  and clean email client  Easily the best email client on the market today	No use reading this stuff  Just use it!	I use Gmail for a year of so now  I find it very easy to use  I even got my mother this email client	The best web based email Ive ever used and an integral part of my daily life	The most user friendly web based email	Easy to use  and nice features  but I use my Yahoo email more   Still Gmail is nice	You cant find a better free email service  I absolutely love the IMAP features	reliable  cloud based and i can run my work email thru it   perfect	Its not perfect  but I would rather use Gmail than any other online or offline app for email and contacts	Gmail is my favorite type of webmail out there  There are so many perks that you just have to get it and compare for  yourself rather than hear me tell you	Havent had any reliability issues  though it can be a bit slow  I wish there was a way to make the HTML version your default	Cant see myself using a better Gmail : )	I have over a dozen email accounts  now all managed through gmail  Now I just have to get my friends to use PGP encryption :)	No other email client compares to Gmail	Simply the best web based email application available  The recent offline mode was a useful addition	Gmail changed the way I use e mail and I would struggle to go back now  Innovations such as conversations and labeling make e mail a quick and simple process	Gmail is great   A simple  online email service that works   It has made email so much more useful to me   The threaded view makes it so easy to follow replies	Best webmail client in the world  Since Im using Google Apps  Im sending more and better e mails  and enjoy the time writing them	Best web based email solution hands down!	Best Webmail Provider (period)  Great spam filter also!	=D Gmail is the best Webmail	Nice   cant understand advanced features	I love gmail and labs features!	I use it for pretty much everything	Wouldnt want to live without it!	Google is THE best  Google Chrome + Gmail = Bliss	Serves its purpose  but dont use it enough  Not sure what the big deal is  Its just email	Ill never have or need another email account as long as I live!  Gmail is simply the best email service	its the best Email service anyone would every use   Hotmail can became Coldmail and Yahoo! mail can became Opps! mail  in front of Google Mails solid feature	The best Internet Mail!	the only web based email client	Email with features that goes from strength to strength	starting to be more than an e mail acount	Gmail is great   I love how I can filter emails  and I recently started using video chatting  which works really well	the best! practically unlimited space and lots of cool features	Lots of storage  great functionality! Needs a facelift though	my only active personal email account	Best e mail service ever! :)	Changed the way I use email   Loads of storage  and tags instead of folders   Simple!  How can you not like Gmail??	Gmail is my primary mailbox now  Great for integrating all the mailboxes I have	Finding more and more use from gmail and the surrounding apps from google	virtual unlimited storage  labels  chat  multiple accounts  easy attachment management   how could you not? Try it youll love it	THE TASKS LIST IS A GREAT HELP	Best mail service ive used so far :D	Changed the way I use email	Best email service out there  Hands down	gmail is the best by lightyears	Its OK  beats other webmail services  but I still prefer the client approach	If my IT department would allow it  I would forward all my mail there  Especially now that I can access it offline	Its changed the way I live online   The only reason I ever signed up was for the 1GB of space and they continuously blow me away with every new feature   Props	Fantastic email client   I have 10 accounts powered by Gmail	Best email provider by far  The Search function is my favorite	its gonna explode and decimate fb    whats that all bout?	Best email service I have ever known	This is one of the best think on the online solution	Great public address	Amazing e mail app!	It just keeps getting better	Great email app with lots of storage and loads of extras you can load or ignore   Just give it a try	Gmail is the only email I need	The best of the on line email options  IMO  I love the conversation threading feature	Best Email = Gmail	Email could not be better than the worlds best spam filter and innovative email hand down over anyone  Cant recommend it enough!	simple  fast  reliable	the best way to manage your emails on your desktop or mobile!	Soy absolutamente dependiente de este software	beste email client ever	I use it for more than 2 years now and its quite good  much better than other free webmails in Poland	We use it at work through google apps with our own domain name  I love it  Beats out any desktop or webapp  Almost perfect	Nothing is better in email than Gmail  Even my mom uses it	Best Email = Gmail	Completely changed how I think about and use email   I can never use another email client again   no site or download can compare	Gmail is the only mail client I use now	The first webmail client I use over a desktop version  I miss a native iPhone app to be able to use tags in a more intuitive way  though	This is my primary Email client    wouldnt live with out it :D	The greatest e mail program I have ever used	Firstly  the interface is brilliant  And secondly  I can access my email from everywhere  Brilliant service!	Dont know why people even bother with other webmail programs	Best e mail service ever	This is basically the only email I actually like to use  All other webmail should be this easy and intuitive	Fast  powerful  usable  Innovates with well thought out features and design tweaks often  The one to beat	Best e mail service out there  With many plugins  added features  and growing capacity  nothing comes close	Gmail is my primary email service for my life  ive been a user for 3 years and still love it	The best email service ever existed	Gmail has an awesome web interface  Its lab features are awesome  too  Its fast  and free	Been a user since beta  love it	A simply genius application	I love GMail  But I think there is so much more that Google should do with mail  Google just is not cutting edge anymore	cant start my day without opening gmail :D	Makes Outlook look like a dinosaur	i hate it! its better alternative	Gmail is so much effective than Hotmail or Yahoomail  Im hooked !!!	Live and die by the Gmail  trying to convert the entire agency to it	I use Mobile Me to keep everything connected  But I see why people like gmail	Saved my life when my hard drive crashed	The best email service  e g  can you undo sent messages with other email services? well  with Gmail you can!!	Just keeps getting better	Gmail is intuitive  seems every time I look back  theres something new  cant live without conversation grouping either  And also its simple	used it for a looong ass time; only using 31% of 7 325gb	I love the almost endless uses for Google   You not only have the email  but you have so many search  and web based applications that simplify your life	I love using Gmail But networking isnt good	i use gmail exclusively now	Great service  Have merged all my accounts into Gmail just for simplicity	It is teh shizzle  and allows for the best  most fast and functional AND cleanest interface  and is really easy to use  Without this  I wouldnt e mail so much	Simple  easy to use	The bestest  awesome  free  inventive	Sleek  user friendly and of course portable  The nicest looking mail client Ive used and it provides all the storage space you could want	Awesome service  Links all your various profiles & gives tons of flexibility	Love it  sometimes the (is it adsense or keyword?) adverts freak me out a little though	Used it since it was in private beta and still never fail to be impressed  By far and away the greatest email provider	The best (Web )Mail Service ever :D	The best free email service complete with POP3 support  changeable themes  and best of all   nearly unlimited (and ever increasing) amount of storage space	Gmail feels like its consistently getting better	gmail is possibly the best email managing program out there  it is a google product  so of course it has the money to be near perfect	Had a Gmail account for 5 years! Never had a single problem  So fast  so many great features  Now includes Video chat for both Macs and PCs	New innovations every day  And it was wonderful to begin with	I really LOVE it  I had an account from the beginning  is really great!	plenty of space for all my e mails that i dont want to put in the trash can!	no folders  weird tagging  horrible POP/IMAP integration/support  interface REALLY REALLY sucks too! Tons of space and free are only pros!	neat clean   fast free   lots of features and   now cool themes	You simply cannot beat this webmail  Free  fast  huge amount of space and completely free  Also comes with built in IMing	Simply  quick  useful   the best email system around! Thank you Google for changing the face of webmail	Its interface  search function  and spam filter makes it superior to every single one of its competitors	simple and fast  of course  the best!	gmail is great  the only thing i dont like is that you cant sort the columns	Best free e mail to date	The best email app	the best e mail app!!!	Lots of space and easy to use!	Great innovative email service  Huge amounts of space  too	Outlook? Whats outlook?	El mejor servicio de mails! por lejos	i love gmail very much	Much easier than Yahoo	I used this many years ago on release and didnt think too much of it  Having used Hotmail for too long now  I just cant get accustomed to it	Great email service with many capabilities  Lots of bells and whistles	GMail is the ultimate platform for life organization!	i didnt like webmail until gmail came along; now i refuse to use anything else  love the threaded conversations and built in chat feature	I used it when you had to sign up with a text message :P	The best email solution out there  especially for those running a website; Google Apps enables you to host all your your @MyDomain com addresses	Does everything it needs to and is stable  Never have to worry about running out of space	LA webmail  migliore anche di tante applicazioni desktop	Simply the best email in existence	GMail is great; its accessible anywhere and with the large archive  I can find a lot of information I might otherwise discard	Hands down the best webmail service out there with its unmatched functionality and storage capacity	unlimited storage is nice if they dont hand over my privacy to the govment	Use it for social networking sites; helps cut out spam	I am not amused by gmail  its boring to me	tons of space  great clean interface  I prefer this over software mail now!	I also use it for social networking sites  Clean easy to use	It is really intuitive  efficient and useful	I loving it & cant live without it :)	free web mail doesnt get better than this	if I really see my mail box  I will be thanks a lot	a great web mail you will not find anywhere with enormous features and unlimited new features it show us a new updates every day	Used to have Hotmail  then Yahoo  but since Gmail I dont want anything else  And there not too evil! ;)	Started with Outlook(with Comcast)  then Hotmail  Yahoo! Mail  then I found Gmail  And deleted all my other accounts	Ok  so who doesnt use Gmail?	Best mail client around  No other client can provide a decent implementation of conversetion view like gmail	great way to get all your mail accounts coming into one place making *ALL* your mail very searchable	mail mail mail     mail mail mail     mail mail mail     mail mail mail	Gmail delivers reliable  easy to access mail anywhere with tons of handy features and lots of storage  Whats not to like about it?	Best e mail service	IMAP  great UI  fast  conversations	As a die hard Hotmailer  I have really come to like Gmails layout and email thread feature  It helps me keep track of email threads without needless searching	I also love it for its flexability to access my mail from anywhere and archive everything	everyday every hour every minute	The best web mail service around  Forget everything else   go for it	Its hard to imagine how I managed before GMail	Best webmail ever! Gmail beats the crap out of Hotmail  The Google guys keep tweaking it and add cool new features every so often	Now that you can sync all the mail to your desktop  its even better	Definitely the best webmail  <3	Its easy to use  clear and professional	Its far more intuitive  and having google available to search my inbox is just great!	The only email you need (especially if you have an Android powered phone	Cant imagine a day w/o my Gmail!	I have an email account on pretty much every large email client out there  but there is not a single one that comes close to being as superior as Gmail	duh  even if just for the search	Best email service	Fast  not ad infested  well designed  spam free  good integration with all kinds of stuff  Best email service overall	great awesome  dont use anything else anymore	No other webmail solution comes close  Love Googles design ethic: less is more  beauty in simplicity   now with Task management!	More space than I would ever need  fast  works great  and has great add ons as well	Gmail is the best web based email client Ive used   The ability to label  star  and archive mail is a great organizational tool!	Im surprised when I meet ppl who dont use GMail  Its superior to every other e mail client Ive ever encountered in almost every way  And its user friendly!	Greatest web based email client ever	Its really good   I really like the Labs features   I also like how Google Apps uses Gmail   For my main email  I use outlook  but I do have a gmail	love everything  but hate threads and inability to get rid of them!!!!!	its amazing simple yet advanced	Its the fastest  easiest to use web mail I have ever have ever used! I love the Lab addons and I love that its part of a family of online  useful G products!	Very easy to pick up and use  with creative themes and easy drag and drop options its the way foward for E mail	best email service world ever seen and its free!	With tons of memory and an all around easy to use interface  Gmail easily beats any other email client that Ive used in the past	More than an email client  Gmail organizes my life	Although it is my e mail account that I pretty much use for everything  for some reason I dont love it; I do like it though :)	gmail is my email savior  ive had a chain going with my friends from college from 3+ years now	my favorite email service	Waaaaaaaaaay better than Hotmail  Though strangely its only my second account  to my Hotmal account	cest mon premier blip !!	I wish it was easier to find old messages  once you trash them or send them  its like a needle in a haystack  is this beta still? LOL	Unneccessary attempt by Google to get their dirty paws on everything	easy to use  and fast	literally changed email forever  i swear by my gcal  it sends me text reminders before every event  the labs are awesome  and its got gchat; what more is there?	el mejor correo del mundo	this is  very  good  for  every  parson  and  those for  they  like  chat and mail her  friends  this  is  very good work  and  very  body  like it  this  is  v	now my main email client as it aggregates all my email addresses in one place and on any computer   great for work and home!	Porque ele oferece tudo o que eu preciso inclusive a publicidade em 10% das vezes me interessa	Awesome service  No problems whatsoever	gmail really useful	Not my primary email service but when I do use it  it works well for me  Easy to use  and never gives me any trouble	Best email service  period	I love Gmail    Ive had an acct since Gmail was invite only  Never left b/c it never left me unhappy with it!	Best Email there is  have used it since the first year i started using email	So much less spam than hotmail  and is easy to use  Its also customizable and has a built in chat box  Once you switch youll never want to go back!	Any other mail? Its from Google  its good  it works on my own domain	Gmail is very useful to have as a primary or secondary source of email   Works for me	I have 4 different gmail accounts  1 work some of the time  The other 3 i can get email but can not reply or send a new email  What gives????	Why would you use a different email service?  It has the best search  labels  tasks  and space	Gmail totally changed the way i and many of my friends email  By far the best free email out there	Simply the best free email out right now	use it for everything  reliable and easy to use	I love Gmail  All the other email services dont stack up as well as Gmail does	Gmail has changed the worled arounf  remember the days when yahoo was giving just 5 mb http://www umeedastrology com	Gmail is just the best webmail service!!! Love it!!	Yep    Googles genius shines again    fast mail  themes  plugins  the firefox of email!	Great mail provider !	Due to its progress It is greet side  I love and use it when I need anywhere	Best storage  features  everything  Gmail FTW	Easy to use  login anywhere  But no backup option is provied and I have to buy backup tool such as Gmail Keeper	Good stable and feature rich and constantly being developed  Unfortunately it doesnt forward images to your email software and has small attacment limits	Fast  Reliable  User Friendly	I love it  It has IMAP and is free so you dont have to pay  And I use IMAP a lot  so is good for me	gr8 web mail service	Good service but I never use the webmail	By far the best free email app	i hav an ID indis site	I am able to check all my emails from other web applications and am able to use greasemonkey scripts to my liking	Its free  constantly being improved and further developed	Wonderful! And it supports IMAP	Love the simplicity but also the advanced features  Gmail Labs = AMAZING	thank you cos make my life easy	They say its dangerous because your most sensitive docs and messages are accessible by Google  but it makes life so much damn easier	It saves money from buying separate programs It does make it to easy not careful youll get to comfortable	Easily default email account  Love it	Definitely the best email service  It supports POP/IMAP and lets you use it for FREE (unlike Yahoo) and doesnt throw ads all over your messages	Gmail revolutionised email	The best webmail out there (if you have to use webmail)	der beste e mail service!	Sooo fast with Google Chrome!!! My mail   I love it	I manage 8 google calendars and its a life saver for me (working 2 jobs)	I could not live without this   Run both my business and personal email with this   Fast  multiple points of entry  and well designed	I use gmail and Google Apps for both personal and business use  Best spam filtering out there and full of useful features	My favorite email service	User friendly  easy to integrate  and efficient   I am very happy with my gmail account!	best mail programm ever	By replacing folders with labels  it makes email so much easier!	simple  user friendly  most awesome email site ive ever used	The GOD of email! cant live without believing in this one!	i dono wat but i think i like it	It has perfect usability and features! I stopped using Thunderbird  simply because I think Gmail web app does a better job!	Its way more user friendly than AOL  Yahoo  MSN  and Hotmail  and has WAYYY better spam filters	 Nothing better than this for ever  None of them can every bit it  The only posible is by God	Fantastic email client  Unique conversation thread style on viewing emails and the best spam blocker out there	Love GMail  it change my life! Thanks!	I couldnt say enough about this product   I have been using this client for years  and I wouldnt use any other!	I made the change to Gmail a few years ago  and havent looked back once  The interface  the amount of storage   its great!	Couldnt imagine using another Webmail  Have been using it for five years now  still love it as much as I did when I started using it   if not more  Go Gmail!	When I first signed on a few years ago  it took 6 months for me to get my first piece of spam mail  Whats not to love?	Very fast and neat   Also you can check for your favorite anime and manga:  http://www nihonomaru com/ http://forum nihonomaru com/	Fast and it is useful function for me	i love my family so much  and i cant live without them  i am here only for my parents	the only think that might could be better is wave :p	true to its claim  great!	muahhhhh sayang zaha	I love GMail  So Fast and reliable  And much less clutter than Yahoo or Hotmail	Love the interface  wish desktop mail clients did as well	Best email service out there  ^^	One thing Im not satisfied with Gmail is that I cant send large files  Actually  Its not that large at all! Except that  I like most of it	I would be frightened to think what would happen to me if gmail went down  as so much of my life the last 6 years is organized through it	Best  Email  Service	i like informative programme	Excellent product   bring on the Wave	Since google is one of the best online web sites out there Gmail is awesome for email	Gmail provides good and quick service  it has added so much new and latest supports to its services   yeah  but gmail apps for window mobile are required	we are into trading of software both English and Mathematics  Also we are into selling of church organ  Therefore i think great	I LOVE TO WORKING OF GRAPHICS DESIGNING	Think different be your own boss log on to http://www franchiseneed com	My favourite email system  so much easier and more user friendly than outlook	So easy to use and so versatile  Theyre always making it better for us users  and the labs are cool to fiddle with  All Google apps work really well together	Easy to use  and very little spam gets through the Googlefilter! Works great with Outlook  Windows Mail  Thunderbird  and Pegasus  Never a problem in years	Best way to go in terms of email!	the best webmail that I know	i like it G as Giga Half M as N M or a House	Webmail that works  finally	I use Gmail several times a day  My favorite email client  especially powerful with an iPhone	this is my first time i think its good & faster	Gmail is amazing     I use it for everything    literally	oooo pss!!! i love it pal!!	SOO much better than hotmail! and everything else for that matter	This is where I work from  I dont think switching to another service  This is the best	Excellent; fast; weeds out all the spam; not crowded with ads; easily customized and unlimited storage that you can use for backing up your computer free!	i use gmail daily!	i use it all the time 100 times better than hotmail	Gmail is one of the best e mail systems I have ever used  In fact  I dont know if I can think of anything better  The spam filter is great  too	So good & really user friendly	Simple interface  but has a nice number of features that make it useful and comfortable  Outlook may have more stuff  but its boring and confusing at times	I only wish they could get a higher reliability but for what it costs it is one of the best applications out there  Could be better but doesnt have to be	Best email service ever	Hi  I am S M Rajib I love Music Move and drama  I also love Driking ang enjoy my self I think that it good for ourself    Thank You	Gmail is great and I believe that Im only using a small portion of its potential	Gmail is fresh  I love its simplicity and its easy to use  Im still figuring out some cool stuff about it today!	El mejor email  definitivo	What can I ask more from Gmail  The best e mail around without a doubt	Easy to use  simple platform  and tons of space	Great interface  reliable  spam is NOT an issue (unless youre adding your name to lists yourself)	Best web based email application  period  Innovative  easy to use  fast and free  with all suck removed	The Archive function is very good	Its practical  Easy of use and also it adds many features constantly	Im so accustomed to Gmails keyboard friendly interface that as a soft GNU/unix geek I couldnt hav my emails served any other way	i just use it and i amazed	Spam! My Hotmail account never receives Spam  so Google Spamfilter in Gmail sucks!	Best Web E mail Application EVER!  Changed my life for the better	I really like this web app   easy  intuitive  useful    cool!  	This is my primary email app  I use it for EVERYTHING and I love it  Its so simple  =)	Best e mail app on the web	Absolutely great app	I like the archiving function   I hate losing emails  and looking at them by thread seems more logical to me!	Best e mail service hands down  Accessible from any device	best email service  ever	Its a great alternative to hotmail  I like it	Pretty fantastic all around  My only issue is with some of the Labs features  but theyre experimental for a reason	i thought it was great when I used it only for personal stuff  but now that im using it for business too  ugh  so good	I have gone from liking to LOVING Gmail  Labels are sooo much better than folders and with the power of Google it has never been easier to chase up that email!	Gmail is on my list of best creations ever	Whats not to love about Gmail?	Gmail is awesome! I use the labels  filters and search funtionality all the time! Syncs well with my Android phone	Excellent e mail client	Its the best!   no spam  no virus! realy the best!	simple email app froom google	Wherever I am  all I need is Net connection :)	Really useful as I can access it so easily on my HTC Hero	really without gmail no internet	love meeting people	now days i am unable to log in properly as well as attachment of certain files  This has been experienced in the recent past Any technical problems please	I really love it   Gmail is perfect way for chatting to any one it is easily      http://ezinearticles com/?Acnezine  Review   Does the Acnezine Acne Treatment	Best webmail application  simple to use and yet highly customisable without having to put in too much effort  Best of all its free  what more could you ask for!	best webmail   THERES NO DOUBT ABOUT IT  its name has now become synonymous with EMail	It is the best webmail i ever used  No doubt that it is easy to customize and user friendly  GUI is very easy to use even for those are not computer savvy	swiss knife of apps!!	Gmail  not only the perfect web email client  but also paved the way for AJAX and the revenge of JS  None of these sites would be the same without it	Best webmail ever  Large storage  ease of use and simplicity are its key features	Rules my life and has done for about 3 years now  couldnt survive without it  Organises my personal and business mail in a way that is both secure & accessible	Love GMAIL   New to social media and GMAIL as of 2009   Best webmail I have ever used   Best features and service across the board     =D	Best email on the net	best email service on the web	Gmail is simply the best email service Ive ever used	manages both my personal and school email  and offers easy client set up  amount of space given is unbeatable  GO GMAIL!!	My personal email service  and I adore it	My personal email service  and I love it	12/28/04 @ 9:38 PM my first gemail i now have 81 labels and i use it for everything    tons of storage (7408 MB) why use anything else? Go Google!	I love Gmail! As it is easy to use and also embedded with Many Google Apps at once which enables us to perform a lot while reading mails	Boring but functional interface  Loads of storage  but doesnt always play nice with clients because of its use of labels instead of folders	Ive tried other email solutions and always come back to Gmail	Unbelievably good email client  Filters and labels makes it very easy to archive and search for important emails	Gmail is great   A clean interface  integration with other google services  ability to pull email in from disparate sources  excellent search capability	i tried all the popular webmail providers  gmail is the best by FAR  one of my favorite tech  :)  yahoo  aol  and windows live dont even come close	A good spam filter	very easy to connect to other services	fresh and simple  especialli no adds	Simple Fast Neat	I love the way that Gmail handles emails  Best of the best	Gmail is loaded with features I love and you can take it anywhere!	hello bhaji i am jagtar heer i love u	I have had Gmail for a long time and the google chrome when it was in beta  I love gmail and never plan to give it up	All I need when it comes to mailing	love is very important but with careful  also like to be loved	the #1 mail resource; use 99 92% of the time; even better now w/ IMAP; perfect when you need email access from ANYWHERE	i like it in one word excellent	Gmail has the nicest format	Stunningly good email service	adless & comfortable can`t be replace by any webmail now maybe forever	I use gmail and google hosted email for my domains   What I like best is the mobile integration and the ability to get ALL my Google stuff on my iPhone	must be the best browser based email client out there?	I love Gmail   It is simple  packs lots of features  fast  organized  and more   I just wish it wouldnt ask you for a Mobile Phone Number	Gmail has so many features and it will support us at situation Have a look on this  http://qualitypoint blogspot com/2009/10/advantages of using gmail html	best e mail service eva	No need for any other email  except for maybe a spam box	It changes my life style~	The best spam filter  continuous improvements  and no vendor lock in	http://desiactressboobs blogspot com/2009/12/anu vaishnavi hot navel boobs html	It is great space to share meet discover new ideas and great people	it is way to conecting more n more people	Simply the best email around!	Gmail rocks  Nothing compares to it	Simple fast with stunning uptime  gmail is the definition of a system that just works	Got a googlemail since I was in the UK at the time   Besides that I love it	simply the best email :P	Great email service	Like it sure  but its ugly and thats no small thing	Great email service  my portal every day	WELL HOTMAIL NEVER FUCKING WORKS EXACTLY AS IT SHOULD   SO OF COUSE THIS IS MUCH BETTER AND FREE! EVILTV!	Not really a fan  more of a Hotmail kind of guy	This is piece of article is really awesome	best mail in the world	Simply the best! I love having all my mail in one place and accessible from anywhere all the time (from any computer or my iPhone)	The Pycl Rating Score:   5   cant live without it 4   strong emotional engagement felt  3   on the fence 2   almost crap 1   absolute time waste  Score: 4	Dont trust Google  Prefer Hotmail	its so awsome u shuld have gmail u can chat and send emails like u hav lots of fun you pick themes and back grounds its sooooooooooooooooooooo fun u should joi	It is easy to use and to store your important mail	Gmail is the best!  I love all the things you can enjoy  like making your own online library	The absolute best free email client on the internet today	Cant stand the web interface  but Firefox helps with that  :)	I like it but the google apps version without ads   I dont like ads in email feels way to invasive	Cant believe I waited so long before using it! Push email to my iPhone and Google Android to boot!	been using it for more than 5 years now   hard to imagine life without it	My main mail internet mail client	pretty good email client	I use outlook and also gmail  but i believe in near future use only gmail	if there is another email that is better  tell me	The best free email client; good calendar system too	Best free webmail by far!! Yet another great from Google	Good organization: labels  filters  starred  No more spam in inbox (ok  almost)  I like labs  but is difficult to find what is enable	good service  very userfriendly and the best of all others	MY email server   great service	Its fast  its simple  its clean  The ads are not intrusive  Tons of space to store your mail (and data  with the proper software)  Love it	I love it more than other Email boxes Its nice and easy to catch but some times Its slow   Its so professional than yahoo or hot mail or any other mail serv	Ease of use and a clean interface make it a favorite with me!	For years  Ive never liked web mail  and had always been a Microsoft Outlook user   Googles Gmail changed my mind!	Great service easy to use super	It takes it to the next level  And just works	Best email ever  So good Id use it with all my domain names  Better than paid service	I  am James  Lucas  from  Gmail  it is  the  baest	I want the old system back  Pat Knudsen or pknudsen4@gmail com	Gmail is the best thing to ever happen to the inbox!	Its free and easy to use	Keeps spam out  runs with my mobile devices  works all day every day	Love it for the various features and occasional innovative ideas like chat  buzz  etc   They can better read the minds and guess the requirements of the people	Dont forget you password and if you do  make sure you know at least 5 e mail address in you gmail address book	The best email app ever; nothing else stands up  Period	Even my parents can use it  :)	Ive had gmail for years  and I love it  I like the way Contacts are set up  And is more customizable than anything else Ive used	The best mail service out there  It is very fast and secure  Simple to use and is hassle free  Only problem is there is a lot of spam but it does get caught	clean  simple interface and functionality    Gmail is great	Gmail makes filtering emails simple and effective with multiple labels per email  stars  and more	Very easy in use  functional no extra flashy things  Like it a lot	Best email client	Everything including BUZZ helps us find balance in our online usage  Well Done Google!	Fast  easy and perhaps dangerous in the near future    who knows	Functional  simple and fun	I love it  Gmail has revolutionized email	Simple and powerful  The perfect email client !	Its free  fast and convenient and customizeable  but theres room for improvement in basic email functions like how email conversations are organized	the only drawback was that i had to get over an initial sense of unfinished business   not filing away or deleting old messages   other than that: LOVE it!	has never let me down  Gmail is the all time best  unobtrusive client	An amazing mail client  Many features rival that of the largest desktop clients  plus you can access it anywhere and you get the benefit of amazing spam filters	Best email service in the world!	Google is the best  One of the only companies in the world actually trying to make the world a better place  Gmail is the best email service to date	by far the best E Mail Service	Simply the best email service out there  Easy and simple to use	The best part is the spam filter	Wishing contacts  top mailed and stuff worked with POP and SMTP	Simply Great and I am using g mail for a long time   I love g mail	Scares me how hooked I am on Google because of Gmail	Gmail is always favorite	THE e mail service to use	The best email in the world  What more you want to know?	Made me forget any other webbased or desktop email software	Great service    I love Google all together  they are very useful!	Easily the best webmail Ive ever used  Spam filter has let 2 pieces of spam through in 5 years of use  More storage than Ive ever needed  Perfect	great interface  search & storage	Best email web client out there	Really nice  the UI could be made much easier to use	Best email client ever	the absolutely best e mail service ever :)	most useful thing ever  i love how i can add any gadget by url and try out labs stuff	best Email service	My email of choice  :D	Gmail is the best currently available platform for handling your email  Period  Nothing else compares	Everything else just sucks in comparison	Gmail is the best way to avoid SPAM and manage email online  Love their apps too  Buzz needs help	Best email app  full stop	Best online email ever! Love the conversation feature the best	Cant imagine life without without gmail!!	use it everyday :)	the most secure    fast     and best looking mail!  +loads of space+pop and imap  all of this    for FREE! ^_^	I have a blackberry and use gmail with the enhanced gmail plugin you can get from RIM  Visit http://www blackberry com/gmail on your blackberry to get it  :)	Always love gmail	Very reliable email service  Also  it has a lot of features that even a novice user could use and get benefits from	my default email service :)	Good free service  reliable  large storage space  & works fine	It is the ultimate web based email with free IMAP support and great SPAM filter	My Lovely web email address	My favorite email app	By far the best email client (desktop or otherwise)  especially for high volumes of email	Great service  data mining is a bit of a privacy issue	The best email app	i do like this site  i really interest this web site	good stuff  as long as it stays somewhat secure	Fastest email service	its not that gud i mean its alright	I switched from inbox com to Gmail and I havent gone back  I use a Firefox extension that beautifies it and I wouldnt consider using anything else	stuck with this as a main account even after using tons of other email programs and trying new ones often	Ive had my email account since 2004  Ive never looked back!	Better organized and faster than Hotmail  Prefer it over any other email hosting company	me Malik  find this email reliable and safe providing alot of space to save or store you valuable date  my compliments to g mail team   in the end Thanks Gmai	Gmail is the best organizes easiest to use email on the internet   High Storage space  great add ins  and more ideas coming all the time   Why use any other?	free service with much functionality  Missing features like importing mails from your computer (e g  Outlook)	I use this every day to get my email	Guess what on march 6  2010 young la came 2 alabama 2 do a concert how bad is that	Best email ever  I use it for everything now	Love it  especially the integration with all the other Google products	My favourite mail client	I moved over to gMail ages ago    Ive never looked back	love love love	The best email program out there to date	Great for a free service but does have its limitations  The UI is easy to use clean but not pretty at all times it is a geeks best friend though!	Couldnt live without it  Would like to see some type of integration with Google Wave in the future though	ITS PRETTY EASY LOVE IT	Mejor que hotmail y yahoo	terbaik yang sekarang ada	NO ADS! HOW GREAT IS THAAATTT!!?	I <3 Gmail   Works well on every platform Ive used it  tons of room and lots of connectivity   Whats not to like?	Really nice app and i love it ! ^^	yerhp ehts alguds BRAHZ	By far the best email client out there	My main email client  Easy to use and fast loading	Simply the easiest  fasted  most reliable  and clean  Simply the best!	Best mail  faster than no other  thanks	Fastest  easiest  and funnest messaging system	Um   i just signed up so i dont know	Fast  simple  useful     what more could you ask for?	yepper   yepper  im satisfiedd   <3  kbby	The best free email service and more arround!	i am using it and its UI is easy to operate	Best movement so so 2010!! dxtfingers	Gmail is absolutely amazing  I use it for everything  =)	itll be good to have another email once I get out of HS and this is easy to handle ^_^	One of  if not the  best email client out there		
337621	i like twitpic really easy and is there in most popular clients	bad ui  bad aggregation overview  scaling problems	Makes it really easy to get your pictures on Twitter  and it integrates with clients like Tweetie  It keeps a full size version of pictures too  which is nice	Twitpic is a really easy to use  And its Twitters most popular client  I love it	Its days are numbered  Anyone can see it	Very nice app to manage its accounts twitter	Very easy to accompany your tweets with photos  Mobile email function is a breeze  A nice add on	Great  fast and easy tool	The most popular way to share pics on Twitter  Simple!	Starting get in to it   enjoy it   great app	Makes sharing images on Twitter wonderfully simple  I also love that its integrated into TwitterBerry	I actually think this is pretty cool!	comes default in most apps     nothing special     gets the work done	Lemme check it out and Ill let you know!	the best thing about twitpic is the way it integrates so seamlessly w/ ur twitter acct  It serves its purpose and isnt cluttered w/useless features & functions	Definitely one of the best Twitter add on sites	A great tool for creating a photo journal	Great twitter tool	What would a tweet be without the twitpic! This is my favorite one to use except when it doesnt post a picture or its someone elses! LOL	very useful if you r using twitter	always good for a pic	Great place to share your pictures on Twitter	Again  twitter is really not my thing	it needs a major facelift  its lacking features compared to yfrog  img ly and tweetphoto	Not the shiniest app Ive ever used but it gets the job done!	A very simple and popular Twitter photo upload service	twitpic is ugly  but effective  I like the commercials sometimes	Yes  nice feature	Twitpic is my default twitter picture hosting service!		
336652	I think its a shame so many people are moving to Facebook  MySpace beats the pants off it in terms of usability and customisability	I just cant do it  It always looks like an art box threw up on the screen and then started playing terrible music at me in an attempt to finish me off	Are you kidding me! Myspace is terrible and why anybody uses it is beyond me	Worse than any M$ frontpage creation	Lunico motivo per averlo  per la fama da musicista  Per il resto  confusione pura e pessima gestione dei contenuti	most confusing thing ive used	A great idea that pioneered social networking  but became gaudy and is suffering with the reputation of the Tween social networking site	horrible en todos los aspectos posibles	Seems to be a juvenile Facebook   if on could imagine such a thing  The site is just too busy and convoluted to be of any real value to me	Still one of the best social networking sites  Not for the friends  but for the music  Listen to almost any band and discover new songs  Awesome	Meh   The design is cluttered  all my friends use Facebook  and the social features on FB are more fun and useful	Myspace profiles  euugh  All that glitter & gunge & those god awful autoplay music lists  Disgusting	myspace is not my cup of tea	Still has its place in the world  but just not keeping up with the changes in the social networking space like it should	Static and dated  cluttered and obnoxious  the web has outgrown MySpace by leaps and bounds  Much more of a solitary ego stroke than FB  MySpace is done	I personally think that its very cluttered  But its ok for bands	Junior high mentality + hideous design=MySpace	NEVER liked it   except for quickly browsing bands new music  almost skipped over entirely in lieu of friendster back in the day	I only speak for the music site: I like a lot   I check the featured artists each week and regular search for music or new artists	Good idea  poorly executed	If not for the few friends that wont adapt to a new sn  Id quit  It houses all those who shouldnt be allowed to operate a computer  let alone add to the web	MySpace is a handy Social Media Platform   Come in and join Voltimur if youd like :)  It has a handy interface  customizable  and its laden with options  :)	it really sucks at almost anything  like music  profiles and stuff	The age of the audience using the service continues to decline and profile pages have gotten worse and worse over time  I havent logged on to MySpace in ages	I started out on myspace  and its always been terrible :( Use Virb  or at least facebook	Its maybe good platform for artist to expose their artworks but for amateur  its not a good choice and most of the amateur turn this thing sucks	MySpace has amazing surprises once you start exploring it  Facebooks fine  but MySpace keeps improving in tech  I think its growing a bigger audience than ever	Its much better than Facebook	Very useful to stay up to date with the new releases of my favourite musicians!	Never had time for it  Largely irrelevant  Pages look like crap  Hard to navigate	trailer park of the web	MySpace is teh suck	Ugly design and a chaos	Myspace created the music that is popular today  and has helped me meet so many friends  It started the social networking craze  and haters are jealous	awesome !!! what more is there to say ?   we really dig MySpace !	the user interface is just old and clunky  too cluttered	Max Engel  the 8 bit Kid  is bringing MySpace back   just yall watch	poorly designed pain ><	I love Myspace because there is always something new  It is never the same  Myspace keeps me in contact with all my friends and family from arround the world	Needs a major redesign if its ever going to attract back users  right now its too cluttered and awkward	MySpace Music is only thing saving this social network from falling off a cliff  They need a major re brand  design facelift along with a massive bug overhaul	Myspace is overrun with ads and is difficult to use  I prefer facebook or friendfeed	The cluttery Geoshitty interface is a disgrace to the web  Plus  Microsoft	Too many people obsess over peoples top friends  Who gives a damn	Overrun with ads  layout not user friendly  overall bad experience	love that u can add music/graphics  Im visual  MySpace 4 friend connections (personality/likes/dislikes)  Twitter 4 info/business	annoying random people add you and you get so much adds and spam from myspace it is one of the worst soical network ever!	I find their artist and youngster oriented design and funcionality quite interesting	Dont like the clunky interface	Non user friendly  easily hackable (self replicating spam messages)  overall   messy	Its had its day  unfortunately the music industry and journalists have only just got their heads around it  Should be killed off by Spotify and Last FM	too played out  theyre trying to copy the features on facebook now   LAME!	Fun for kids maybe  but crashes too much to be of much use	too much stuff on the screen  needs a clean and simple interface	More like pedophile place  Myspace is chock full of Pedophiles  Its too cluttered  and needs to be cleaned up  Too many bad things happen on Myspace	yup yup  not a fan	its old and boring  facebook is the new myspace and facebook is old and boring	It is cool only if you know what youre doing!	The crash and burn of MySpace serves as a warning; more advertising than advancement stunted the powerhouses growth	Registered twice for MySpace & every minute  Clunky  old fashioned  messy  a HEADACHE of website design  URGH!	MySpace was great for awhile  but better services for musicians exist     like ReverbNation   I also cant bear giving Rupert Murdoch one more second of my time	The site design is quite bad  and its now pretty much just a place for lame musicians	myspace is cooooooooooooooooooool fuck yall that dont like it j/k it cool though	I used to hate it for being slow  ugly and cluttered  but its become cute  smooth  easy to use  and a great place for listening to music and building playlists	I use it every day  Sure as hell more user friendly/prettier than Facebook	About 5 years ago it was awesome  but it got too popular  too spammy  too annoying  Not user friendly  Good for music though	Normally Id be quite loquacious in my hatred for Myspace  Ill sum it up though  in 3 words:   Myspace Sucks   Period	fuc it im bored n ima kill skylars bitch azz n tay tay iz a fuckin weirdo on da homiez	i use it   but most my real life friends dont  Sooooo	Used to be good until all the scene kids and wannabes joined  plus the adverts are annoying	As far as Im concerned MySpace has never really had the interest of the people with whom I associate  It has nothing that makes it particularly special	myspace has left the realm of social networking and just friendly banter and entered the realm of match making sites and rant columns  or maybe it always was	Myspace is nice but Facebook is more dynamic	Out of date interface  not a huge fan of emo/indie music  and users pages that use huge flashing images arent annoying	So cramped and so crappy  It is surprising that such a major site hasnt gone a makeover for so long  It is soon going to crash and burn CBS if it doesnt catch u	its getting old      twitter is in!	is anyone even on myspace anymore? my eyes bleed when i see its user interface  http://www virb com is how it should be done!	Good site to connect with friends  but its interface and its look overall is horrible   Needs improvements that werent done ALREADY by Facebook	I think we underestimate MySpace It is old school and it has a reputation It has a potential as well  What is the first site we go to to check out a new band?	Its always confused me with its layout and whole look  Not intuitive or simple	MySpace was always a mess with customized pages  Its still terrible	cluttered  infested with ad ware  password hacking turds and an all around freaking annoying setup  Ugh    Hate it!	It is cluttered and flashy and way too shallow  Its users are juvenile and intolerable and fill your inbox with spam	Too much ads! Even adult ads and this is meant to be appealing to 13 year olds and their parents are supposed to let them on my space! Crap just CRAP!	Most pages are cluttered and crash my browser  Music starts playing when I load the page  and annoying animations are not cool	Nicer people  very creative community  best list of status words  built in music and video  blogging    whats not to love! The new photo editor is pro level	i love my space it is most accessible to me	Facebook is much better than MySpace	Myspace is still by far the best Social Network in my opinion  offering diversity and still the best way to express individuality in profiles etc	It has become irrelevant  messy  user unfriendly and annoying	still great for finding music!	Meh  Whats MySpace? Facebook is it	I think I grew out of myspace	new here no opinion yet  let see	its so wonderful but similar like facebook	myspace is the best  :)	A lot of potential but the interface is just far to clunky  and its web interconnectivity is lacking  however I do still use it to look up music	MySpace AKA TerribleSpace  It has a rep for having a lot of teenagers that have way too much drama going on  and thats all I ever see on there  UI = Slob	Remember when people used MySpace over Facebook? Ah  those days	Am mostly just in it for the forums  which are pretty solid	HELLO ( _ ) MySpace was once the most popular and highly trafficked social network  Its now overtaken by the ever popular Facebook as well as Twitter  Hmmm  No	I met Paul on there    so I have to say it was great at one time	myspace is really nasty  poor design and functionality	i personally feel that this is something so brand new and so easy to use to the point where i wouldnt use anything else	compared to facebook   it sucks  it should merge with skype  then re emerge	everybody hates myspace	i love it cause i be talking to my baby daddy	It has good intentions in mind  but it seems like a disorganized jumbled mess  I have way too many criticisms about MySpace to fit in this tiny 160 char box tho	Its kool but sumXs u get bored:=]]	whoaaa    its heatherboo   09 :)	i kind of get frustrated cuz i wat 2 get more in 2 it but i never have time but i am sur tat if i cod login 1 i wold love it ind get into it kuik	it is better then the real myspace	idk i just signed up ill tell u when im on a little later	No esta mal pero podria mejorarse mas	kids killed myspace	nothing beats the self expression and reach I have from MySpace	Despite being banned from myspace twice  I dont mind the service  I think they are being beaten by facebook and twitter though	o my god love myspace it so fun to be on	what up dis shayzze and iam new to blippr?	I love all the personal profile customization and all the customizable groups that consist of organized topics!:)  Its the best and never stops improving!	i love my friends and family and SHOPPING =]	MySpace went from a messy kids bedroom to a Facebook look a like wannabe	MY KK N II DO IIT BIIG BUT II LIIKK3 DIIS NOW II GOT 2 G3T AT MY HUBBI3 LIIL WAYN33                             LUV U YUNG MULO BABY	This is a warning to all MySpace users  MySpace condones the advertising to malicious software to be advertised on there web site   The web sites Webfetti  P	hahahahaha cool as lol (:	it wont let me make an acount it said my password was not correct	wat up mi nigga wat been with u i mis u   lol	its become a graveyard and a bit of a laughing stock  The only thing that it does semi well is Myspace Music  and I dont even use that part of the site	porque soy una gatita chula	I LUV MYPACE ITZ FUN ND CRAZI AT DA SAME TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!	love it  i need to go online at least for 5 min every day! lol	I freaking LOVEEEE myspace i get on myspace like every day pretty much :D	i like what i see so for at cool	i  think mySpace  is a fun peace why you can talk to your  friend	i just fucking want to sign in  but nooo my schoool blocks every freaking website !	strate  hooligan lolz	I Love blip it so cool	i just fucking want to sign in	i really love ur myspace	Khub Bhalo(1st class)	eUbSXg  <a href=http://iobypzmdlzuv com/>iobypzmdlzuv</a>  [url=http://uukjseflwhpq com/]uukjseflwhpq[/url]  [link=http://sqzofqiczmdk com/]sqzofqiczmdk[/link	so far i rekon its awesome i just singed up for it tho	I love MYSPACE SOOOOOOOO  MUCH	Its merely a piece of internet history in this day of age	i love myspace you find sexy singles	if you are a band myspace is for you but i think facebook is a better way to have it your way @ net	Horrific design and implementation	It was a valuable tool for me in high school as far as networking and continues to be for tweens and young teens	its history in the making   no doubt itll probably be in history books decades from now	it so much fun :)	iits hard for me in high school in the 10 grade	school sucks & blows	whats the code for myspace	Excellent Social network media   We   have an account Just follow it http://www myspace com/akshayapatra	Its okay just is that today    its a little outdated	I keep in touch with friends and relatives who arent on Facebook here  Good source of new friends  too	itss good but i cant get on at tafe and it gay	crappy useless website thats gone from tweens to pedophiles in a short time  not to say everybody who uses it is a wackjob  but select few have other purpose	I ditched MySpace months ago  Useless	its rachit strait good	gets boring after a while  but that is a fun way to talk to friends	its wack what is the point of having a myspace when they have people on there trying to talk to these young kids?	it gives me the freedom to say and do whatever i want and meet new pplz	Its freedom you can write bout wateva you wan2	i like my space o website because my frrends vary good	I think some of the people that have their myspace pages they put stuff up that is pointless like the moms everyone wants to see how fat you looked be for the b	cant stand crocked cops	I love it becouse i have oportunity to meet good friends	Very practical and most of all  SO frendly  Thanks	yea dis your gurl myra	MySpace is crap! Facebook is better :)	because joaquin can talk to other girls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	sooo cool yoooo!!!!!!!!!!!	Yuck!  Hate MySpace   Its all cluttered  has spam and adware  and has so much drama going on   It is also very boring   I like Facebook and Twitter better	mr douglas happppppppy birthdayyyy!!!!!!:)yayyyyyyyyy	helps me keep in contact with friends	its alright  but getting lame	b cuszx all myy frenndsz rr ohn<<?>>	It desperately needs an updated interface to compete with the constantly changing social media world  Its cluttered and unorganized	MySpace is Ugly  and very complicated	So I suppose now that MySpace is buying IMEEM we wont be able to store music and videos on there any more  Im sure MS will be deleting for copywright infringe	allmy friends recomended my space	because it let you talk & meet other people & make friends!!!	Facebook is simple and beautiful  but when im surfing on myspace i feel i am in the middle of the jungle  I HATE MYSPACE	it fun too talk people	its cool but i juss hate how ppl can block it out of school systems	i hate that u caint do at skool eaither	HELLYEAHH i NO i HATEE YOUU CNT qOO ON @ SKEWL]:	Attention everbody this is josh in the jc	myspace really speaks for its self lol out of all the sites ive seen and been on it has the most customizable profile page	Too difficult and a lot of spam	its aight you meet some new people	myspace is boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! am just keeping it real	Its fun its like my little secret	My least fav social networking site  Surprised there are still folks on it	Is only good for finding obscure bands now	Good site for networking	Useful  fun applications  and able to customize your profile! Love it	MySpace is a fun place to hang out on the wild side!	Great site to communicate with friends and family!	MySpace isnt the biggest thing anymore like before but I still use it once in a while to keep in contact with friends	this is me Stephanie o and i love my space and mi  boyfriend Zack	I love it very much so cool!	hey was up ppl hows everyones nite going its ur girl azsa riddle	MySpace is good if youre in 2nd grade  Sucks!!	i love my space because it easy and fun to tal to people	Get Misz Angie B Ringtones Live Chat Video Promo Mp3 Mobile Garhics and More! http://www mysapce com/chocolateflydiva	Sweet R&B Vocals With Hip Hop Touch! http://www myspace com/lynneking1	its ihe best ;)	There is a need to really to exploring it	I always think about Myspace how one site with wrongs about design  but I see some beautiful profiles and so    people prefer it    where is the fail?	http://www youtube com/watch?v=QkuntgxP3TU BOOOORRRINNGG	i love it so muck thats like my life	Great for listening to music from bands  basically killed the band website  Sadly didnt innovate fast enough	i want the old MySpace Tom =(	i dont like it because it does not open my account	Had an account since the beginning  and it just never evolved! sadly  it has ended the bands  usually awesome  Flash website [im a Flash developer]	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	I love my space  facebook needs to catch up with the custom pages	I hate Myspace  Im really glad Facebook doesnt have custom pages  most pages are filled up with tons of random junk and stupid flash apps that look like crap	The spamming seriously annoyed me	i love my space n u to tom	kmyspace is awsome to keep in contact with your friends!	Myspace was cool for a while  but now its been surpassed by Facebook  I hardly ever login anymore	dont see any advantages to myspace  way behind twitter and facebook	MySpace is better than Facebook :D	I dont know how  but Myspace must encourage people to be immature  because there are a lot of very immature people on it  P S  Thanks for the ad!!!!!	my space is a very imp social networking website	Technologicaly  it sucks  It has a lot of users  but that is changing rapidly	used to love it   in high school	Used to be a great site!	ggjits good 4 people	This was my first love in the social networking world and your not supposed to forget something like that	Ireally like it  so much  ms	please check out http://derrickanders com	Love interact with other people from around the world	I liked it a lot until I was introduced to facebook   Myspace is now the ghetto of the internet   Its not something I enjoy		
337620	Will change the way mobiles are used forever	Congratulations! Your iPod touch is now an iPhone Wi Fi  Its very easy to set up your profile if you dont already have one  and audio quality seems very good	just like the real thing   no snags so far  all I needed was another excuse to drain more juice from my iPhone	Amazing! Installed  signed on to my account and my list of contacts pops up  Call my biz partner working in India  W00t!	Took forever to come out  now you dont need Fring	Really good app  But Im not a big Skype person	Good app  reliable and iPhone styled but fundamentally flawed   it needs to be open to receive a call  Tut!	Would be nice if the iPhone/iPod allowed background applications    you have to have the app open to receive calls and stay logged in	i have no idea on skype for iphone   can some one tell me how it is	Skype for iPhone is one of the best calling apps of them all since it is very iPod Touch friendly with the speaker on function when using a simple mic!		
336894	Its kinda video format of twitter using webcam Im quite disappoint with the lousy service in certain times which really put pain in neck 3/10	Its fun when you find the time but video is just a time drain :)	A great Application  see a lot of future with this one	Great app   handles multiple Twitter accounts and Facebook integration seemlessly!	Loving Seesmic Desktop   multiple accounts support is great  New 0 3 release has great improvements	Perfect for everything I need  Its not disturbing any other working programs and it makes keeping in touch with friends so much easier  A+!	Great app for handling multiple Twitter accounts & Lists  as well as  Facebook	Fab app that makes seamless improvements all the time! The best UI in an app!!!	I like it alot  easy to use and useful  saves time posting to both Twitter and Facebook  Kathie	No hassles facing multiple Twitter and Facebook accounts  it is easy	I love Seesmic  they just bought Ping fm  so they will support FreezeCrowd!	Very nice twitter/facebook app	Seesmic is one of the best things going for multiple facebook and twitter accounts	Im not a fan of Desktop  but I LOVE Seesmic Look!	Its kind of average  I guess  I dont really use these programs much though	Not quite as good as Tweetdeck  but better looking  It has the same RAM issues as Tweetdeck	my favorite android app	Used it for a while but its not as good as Hootsuite  Has some issues  e g  forgets settings  has memory leaks and slows to a crawl after being open a while		
336651	Twitter is a friendly community  a useful tool  and a great way to stay in touch  But a word of warning: its very addictive  Wave goodbye to your productivity!	Great way to stay in touch with friends throughout the day	simple yet brilliant! great way to connect	crowd sms  a great idea and significantly more convenient to throw my thoughts out throughout the day than try and remember them at the end for a blog/LJ	The idea of Twitter isnt revolutionary  but it seems to inspire incredible ideas for ways to use the service  It provides news  friends  and services  Amazing!	Inspiration for blippr  What more need I say?	Good lord  this thing is consuming me	OMG TWITTER IS NUMBER ONE!	addictive and ultimately somewhat pointless way of sharing life	I just wish more of my friends used it!	never use it! cant understand the attraction	Im simply LOVE this app its a fantastic way to connect with buddies & at the same time can spread the word in single update Kudos to the founders   !!!	I know why they dont do it  but the only thing twitter lacks is tagging for follow/etc purposes   But thatd make it more complicated   <3 Twitter	I am addicted to twitter  I love it    LOVE IT	The whole microblogging thing has gotten overblown; but this was the original service and inspired many great startups  Ingenuous idea  too!	I use it  but I hate it  Unfortunately  if you want to stay connected in this world  you need it	A pillar of the Web 2 0  It needs to popularize itself a little more	Los titulares comprimidos de tu vida	I refuse to participate in the narcissistic  self involved need to announce the trivial bits of my life  Microblogging? Majorly annoying	So far  Twitter is proving a good tool for my business   time will tell if it increases sales	Im a big fan  Didnt see what the fuss was about  but once I started using it I was hooked  Love being immersed in the daily buzz	Somehow I never thought I would get into Twitter    now I am a total addict	Its fun and informative  Just missing groups and ways to block out noise while still getting everything you want	an amazing platform that keeps getting more interesting every day	No review  just a thumbs up	Social blogging today is to much work you have to be at a pc or have a iphone twitter solves this problem by letting u update you miniblog when u want by mobile	I use Twitter in so many ways  all day long!	I never realized how many amazing & powerful connections I could make on Twitter!	Great simple social microblog tool  I cannot imagine my live without it	I love sharing little bits of my life 140 characters at a time  Great place for making relevant connections too	Great for connecting with others and something I can actually keep up with! 140 characters is oddly liberating	If for some reason you need another reason to join Twitter  Philip Schofield is on it  Enough said	If youre not on Twitter  you should be!	What can i say  i was on it before it became popular  and now its even better with more people to follow!	o plurk  mais legal   ;x ehuheuhe	I just love Twitter	Twitter is THE BEST SOCIAL NETWORK on the internet! Follow me on Twitter @ChrisWMartin	Twitter Rocks  Nuff Said	Microblogging service of choice	Fast  Direct  Cool	Great service with only minor problems	Fantastic  Wish more of my real life friends were on it	Quite possibly the greatest thing since sliced bread  Was reluctant at first  but soon fell in love with it!	the easiest way to broadcast my thoughts that are too short for a blog post	Twitter is an amazing way to share information and meet great people with similar interests	Very cool service to stay connected in real time and to meet new people	Previous:Might turn to I love it! if therere more updates from my people around me  Now:One of the great invention in World Wide Web together with Facebook!	Was skeptical at first but now its part of my life lol	I love the peak into other peoples lives and to see what my friends are up to  Its also a great work resource	getting news real fast	Was reluctant to join at first  but now is an important part of my online life	Its great when used from mobile apps!	Self expression in modern times	Twitter is my FriendFeed messaging sidekick  ; )	A great service that keeps me up to date easily!	Twitter is an app to let you tell teeny stories  Love it!	Ive been thoroughly addicted from the moment I signed up	Great review about IA  Oh online voices pic remind me of edible jelly babies	Fun way to keep in touch  but I feel like Im not really utilizing it as much as I could  both in my personal content and in the value of the overall database	wonderful range of possibilities	Makes you feel connected	If youre on the net  and not on Twitter  youre obviously not a geek! lol	Twitter is an awesome micro blog!   http://www twitter com/JRStratford if youd like to follow me Ill follow you back  http://www ssr4 com to check out the b	Im chatting with Pete Cashmore now and he suggested I check out blippr   Im going to rate Twitter  b/c obviously  I think its awesome	The fastest meaning of sharing informations	Good fun  useful and addictive	A nice way of telling people what I am doing at the moment	After two years of use Twitter has become one of my most important tools for communication  A great place to share ideas	Its really hit the mainstream media recently  I use it to find out and echo topics of interest to my professional life  Its been great so far	Addictive and fun   Simple as that	brief  concise  current	truly havent really understood the phenomenon of it and why to prefer it over Facebook  for instance	the voyeur in me likes it   but i keep having to purge my following list  Yes i admit it Im a following addict	twitter   just plain awesome :D	I love twitter!!! 3 cheers for twitter!!!	I like so much to use Twitter is direct and fast!	140 characters is all i need :D	Twitter is brilliant but can be a bit of a distraction sometimes! Best viewed in Twhirl or Tweet Deck	working good so far    LOL	It took me a while to figure out the point of Twitter  but its great once you find interesting people to follow and interact with	Twitter has introduced me to nearly everyone in my local professional network  I love the simplicity of the service and how easy it is to use	its great! since finding some interesting people to follow  ive realised facebook is drunk photos and vampire apps   a total waste of time  twitter will win	A wonderful tool for connecting  listening and networking with peers  fans  consumers and idols alike!	Best tool to stay connected on the internet and off the computer	I love to tweet everyday	i <3 twitter  Great for promoting products and get real time info from a decent sized community around the world	Ottimo strumento per conoscere nuovi amici e per la promozione del tuo sito	Love twitter!  It is awesome!!!!	When i twit  i stop blogging and twit again  True Story	I love it  thinking of getting a text plan just so I can twit on the go	Im still a little wary of anything that the mass media has started to use but its pretty fun as far as friends go	I love twitter because you can always say too much elsewhere but twitter keeps you concise  on point and snappy	Twitter is a tool that everybody uses in a different way for different purposes    for keeping in contact  to store useful information  to search	Has potential to change the way we view each other and the world	I use Twitter as a real time search engine   Whenever Im looking for the viewpoint of the masses  Twitter delivers  Its not just for geeks anymore	Easy way to form social connections	Best social app on the web	its pretty cool seeing what the rest of the world is up to   its tweet :)	its simply amazing how easy it is when it comes to sharing interesting links and ideas about them	Best Micro Blogging service   simple  effective	Clear  Simple  not very used in Italy yet	Awesome social network channel to be educated and also to educate yourself	I am glad Twitter has really taken off  I find myself spending more and more time on it	lovable  funny and maybe helpful	Connects me to people I never thought could be connected and i love the simple format  Easy to use anywhere	I even have a couple of new acquaintances I R L  due to twitter	Twitter is the best site ever without a doubt   I have never enjoyed a website so much   Join Twitter and youll find out what all the buzz is about  =D	its good but did not understand why people r crazy about it??	Twitter seems to be really taking off   Like it because it is (still) so simple and basic	Its certainly an interesting phenomenon  Just wait till we launch FreezeCrowd for the college crowd!	Just like MySpace: popular  but one of the worst sites out there   Constantly crashing  and not even a tiny bit interesting   Spam galore   Plurk is BETTER	inventor and prime facilitator of the real time web	its simple and easy to use  connected with many other websites  makes it easier for posting without having to go to the site	At first glance  twitter was intriguing but I did not see the value that I now understand   After many observations  I spent more time on twitter than faceboo	What a cool way to get out stray thoughts	it is an acquired taste  looks really simple but yet seemingly harder to understand than facebook	Great service! Love the site and all its doing to help their users	Twitters amorphism makes it nearly anything you want it to be  Simple yet complex  like all the best things	There was never much value in Twitter  However  as masses has adopted out of curiosity it is getting mainstream and new usage / benefits are shaping up	   though  as Postman once said  it is the Millennium Falcon of social networks	I have one  but Im never on it  Not even close to how good Plurk is  I dont understand why its so popular	I think its pretty obvious that Im obsessed with tweeting	It is great for fun  sharing professional info and networking!	I use Twitter mainly to stay in the loop on what my friends (both near and far) are up to  both in real life and on the Interweb	I really dont know why  or what to use it for   I just know that I love it    ;D	@talkhousemag its worth the time   its helped me stay in touch with new business trends	Twitter takes up a lot of my time  so its a good job I find it useful	I love it  The best way to give yourself small refreshing breaks from anything youre busy in	At the moment   Twitter is like the rubix cube was  hard to figure out  but you just cans seem to stop once you pick it up	newcomer on Twitter who guess hell soon be addict + TweetDeck or Twhirl for several accounts	slow start  but oh so addicting!	Twitter is quick and easy social contact   both for interesting people you dont know to people whose daily lives you care about  SMS completes the package	I have discovered more interesting websites through the Tweetpeeps I follow then I would on my own  Ive made interesting new friendships  cemented by Tweetups	The best of micro blogging	Simple  intuitive and great for research and discovery	Great business communication device	Ive never been closer to the people who are important to me since starting on Twitter! Im also able help promote my website http://www imindlive com aswhile!	its great when used correctly  But so bad when companies dont understand the tool	I use my professional profile only though and I have network of great people around the world  I prefer seeing my friends at a terrasse in sunny Barcelona	One of the best things on the internet right now  It is status updates+blogging+im+networking+awesomeness	If only I had come up with such a great idea	Texting  IM  and blog rolled into one broadcastable digital media? Of course I love it	its OK   but not so revolutionar as people thinking    simply OK   :)	Twitter is the best social media site by far!  Super simple  totally addictive  so many different ways to use it   Whos with me??	Seems to have changed quite a bit since it hit mainstream and everyone jumped the bandwagon  but change doesnt have to be bad  does it? Ill wait and see	Finding it useful  but messy	more data!  must learn to stop looking though	Twitter is a horrible distraction but it keeps you abreast of the endless supply of though and info around the world	Great service   easy to use   constantly evolving  great for business   fantastic for meeting new people   excellent all round	I love it and I cant really explain why  I can see its potential but havent tapped it yet	Yeah this is exactly what Ive been looking for    Thanks Twitter peeps!	Twitter is highly addictive and like a quick and flexible Facebook status on steroids	Best Internet App Ever!!!	Its fast  simple and portable  The 140 character limit is both challenging and relieving  It doesnt take the time commitment of a blog post	too much hype over 140 or so* characters (with nO formatting and nO favicons whatsoever)   if i wanna set my status ill go to fb  if i wanna chat ill go im	Twitter is where its at currently  When FB et al  intro new Tweet esque formats like they have  its a strong indicator of success  Search only strengthens it	Im loving it  To be fair  I havent checked out Plurk  But do I know people using Plurk? Much of the value is the network of users	Not sure if I love it  but definitely like it  Great way to microblog  Fast and simple	So easy that everybody is doing it!	new @ this  would love intros so i can follow & b followed nwim? u noe it    i think im gonna	twitter is really an innovative social network on the web    iam very much inspired by the founders who has created this innovative  hats off to them	Whats the point? I dont care to know what John Doe and Jane Smith are doing  Does it matter that you ate cereal or that you just walked your dog? Not to me	I tried just for fun  but it is a very interesting tool	Posting a tweet is like eating Lays Potato Chips  you cant tweet just once :)	Thoroughly enjoyable  but can easily eat away the hours of your day if you give in to it	You cant just tweet and run	simple and clean the way social media should be	But Jaiku is much better	I like it   trying to keep up with how to use it	its great  but too many followings and it becomes unmaneagable	its easy to spend a lot of time on twitter review	i like it  but you need a good client  a strong community  and whole lot of free time	Cool and innovative  could be better	it is extremely addicting & becomes an endless fixation whn u enter the realm of da twitterverse  it goes beynd urself & cnnects u 2 othrs u wld not normally	Everyone & their little brother is working to make the service more useful to the widest range of people Best development model Ive ever seen Ill soon love it	I talk to so many people I never would have before  Its definitely added value to my career and life  BIG thumbs up	Love twitter  Its immediate  You know what people are thinking or feeling at that moment  You know what theyre reading or interested in  Nothing quite like it	Really like the simplicity of this app  but the downtime and posting mishaps can be frustrating at times	great idea  really usefull    thats all! :)	LOVE  LOVE  LOVE it!	Easy to keep up with certain timely events  such as sports events  but becomes cumbersome at times; often  too many personal tweets from business oriented sites	i havent tried it much  but so far so good	Great service  easy and intuitive	just started using it but loving it so far	At first I didnt like it  but once I got it I started using it more and more  I get a lot of value  and do a lot of fruitful networking out of a mere 140 cha	Twitter is the most powerful Social Network site out there  Especially when combined with your other sites  Its a must for all online entrepreneurs  Henry	Twitter is awesome! Early adopter  glad to be a part of it all    it just keeps gettin better all the time : D	twitter is a game changer  changed how we work and connect everyday  every minute	Microblogging  Thats all I have to say	This is great  Ill look for you on Twitter  Jennifer!	It is an awesome site for business and for fun!	Its addicting  but lacks tons of features I could see integrated  One Id like is a box for What am I listening to? that would rock  But nonetheless use it	what is this i just wanted to rate twitter :)	quick  simple  informative  and fun!	It is the only social media app that I participate in every day	I could be a twitter addict and I dont want it ;)	i love twitter @benkman	Love it   real stuff  real time	Se ha convertido en algo imprescindible	I think that Twitter is the best Social Networking site currently on the web	Best  Web app  Ever	The best app on the web! Small  Smart  Fast and Easy! Better than Facebook!	Addictive and easy to use!	Definitely informative  but very difficult to follow   Too much information goes flying by before you have a chance to take a look	i like it  but not as much as friendfeed   i see friendfeed as twitter++	Nice idea  but i guess tumblr  is better    i know they arent the same thing  but Tumblr  is one step ahead	Its amazing how something so simple can be used so complexly by such a broad range of diverse people  Simply amazing!	its like a cafe where thousands of people share bits of conversation and you can choose who to read and who to skim or just go looking for some jokes or art	fascinating bits of lives	Two week and I have a full blown addiction   I have to start withdrawl tomorrow morning  You need a symbol/face for I am addicted	With twitter u can know whats happening right now!   u just need to follow the right people	I like to twit for my resource sharing  promote sites n like to listen to peoples sharing too	I find synchronicities and it help me to keep in touch and follow things that I love!	Makes you notice everyday life experiences  small moments easily captured and shared  Brilliant resource for inspiration and staying current	Love it  No you dont only have to tweet about what your eating  Makes you a better writer  more creative & connected with the world now  All in 140chars or les	Short and sweet but so addictive	Dislike it cuz I cant use it properly here in South Africa!!	Finally starting to get Twitter	Ive been addicted to Twitter since the moment I signed up  which was roughly a year after its launch	I just love twitter! Perfect to stay in touch with friends   even more  to sat in touch with the world and keep track of whats going on around me :))	can use for social good  Yeah!!	It is great to be part of the social media tsunami  and not the debris being pushed out of the way by the wave	twitter is so addicting! i joined back in early 2007 and never used it  i though Who would ever do this? apparently millions of people  follow me @tylerdude17	twitter blows my mind  very agile communication	Twitter is where you can talk to a crowd yet listen to select individuals based on who they are  who they listen to and what theyre talking about  @gelbendorf	Twitter is the basic fabric of digital communication  This kind of man machine cooperation will disrupt all kinds of communications; commercial  news  etc	I love it   dont use it effectively enough YET!	Brilliant  Im not saying its better than Google  but perhaps better than Google News (/any other news website)  :)	I tried to stay away for a long time    But I finally got it  Like the new facebook stream  only more alive!	Twitter itself is just okay  but all the sites that feed into Twitter  are what make it GRRRRRRRREEEAAT!!! like 12seconds  Love 12seconds	Best thing around since the metaverse ; )	JOIN TWITTER! AMAZING STUFF! The Twittoholic has spoken  yo   http://www twitter com/twittoholicno2	Twitter is like a movie soundtrack  full of the familiar mixed with new & intersting things you might not have considered exploring	Amen  Love Twitter way too much  Social Media Club Columbia devoted entire meeting to Twitter! Killed it :)	Twitter: Awesome and addicting    Much like caffeine  @hxcgrunger	I love twitter and think Im addicted	Its not for everyone  but I love it for quick answers and link recommendations  Also  I vent through it and feel just a bit better sometimes	I love it cos Very easy to share our thoughts and liked web pages	I like this but I am really bad at Tweeting and it hits home how many people have a busier life than me	Best thing to keep in touch with the world and whats beyond the world	twitter is short  sweet  sexy	Twitter is something to kill time!	The spice must flow!	Twitter is brilliance masquerading as uselessness	Steeped in self importance (like all social sites really)  but is good because its short (like this site)  so it works with my ADD	quite simply the most innovative way to get information out in a non evasive manner  Its gooood	So simple  so open  so many tools  so flexible   its my favourite social site too	Twitter is the best cuz is the most simple  Twitter FTW! :D	Quick  easy  to the point   generates traffic	Very funny   Im standing next to the hottest girl ever but Im too terrified to say anything  Loved that bit!	One of the best social networks Ive seen	Twitter is fast  simple  easy to use and convenient	Twitter is fast  simple  easy to use and convenient	This web app allows me to connect with friends even better than before!	boring  i bet anyone who is following more than 1000 really sees what his/her followers are tweeting	Great stuff  so fun to try all those tools and explore them all	Twitter is RocknRoll all the way! The best social media site out there! Very simple  has me hooked  and a fantastic way to brand yourself  @rowiro	I like that Twitter is quick and short   Keep on tweeting!!!	transparent  simple  doesnt steal value from its users	I have used it for months and I still dont find it worth the time  We have too many social media!	I was very sceptical at first and had chosen to ignore it for some time  Until I got started and realised its potential  Its opened up a whole new world	I like plurk better	Twitters great  The community and mashups that have built upon Twitter really add tons of value to an otherwise simple service	Twitter is my significant other   We have the best relationship around	i have to say i enjoyed twitter more before oprah joined	Short n sweet  Effective and precise  Perfection	Twitter is changing the way that I communicate in all areas of my life  Very powerful and very simple	Just wish I understood what to do with it	Twitter is great for tweeple who can be constantly connected  and live their lives in micro slices; but forget depth  complexity  wit  and real conversation	Im a Twitter Addict XD	Great way to keep people posted on what I am doing and to promote my blog	Duh  of course I love it  Though sometimes I wish I didnt	I love most of it  dislike some of it = I like it!	Im in/on board/happy/and learning  Meeting some very fine folks=D	Great fun   whether tweeting and tweading or just tweet dropping!	I learn something new everyday from Twitter  its one place i go to fill my head with information	Too much of too little information	its amazing and thats enough    highly recommended and its very useful = )	took me a while to get addicted  but now I am a junkie   twotally!	thats great ! great microblogging tool	So addicting and amazing and useful and	This is global conversation  the global brain is starting to fire up Your a  Neuron  how strong will your pathway be    we need to bring the conversation to al	Use it as you like   love it except for the follower contests that celebs appear to be having	Great way to connect to like minded people instantly	twitter is the sense of nanoConversation   real time microknowledge  i a combination with context streams will be the most used tools on earth ; )	Cool but I use http://www twibeo com Lets you share photos and videos as well  :)	I know it seems elementary by now  but I love this place  Its a fun place to micro network with folks  Thanks!	Evolving into a good rhythm   Dont want to admit addiction quite yet  ;)	is the raging present and a lot of our future	OMG!!! Twitter has changed my life (& stopped the facebook status updates which annoyed the hell out of my mates)  Have made so many friends and learnt so much!	The amazing little tool that could	The concept and the amount of great people I have met through Twitter have sold it for me  I am curious how long it will stick around though	Since the moment I started to twit my followers and leaders grew autodramatically ; ) and so did I	Twitter is the new twitter	unparalleled way of communicating with people; esp great for all things related to finance/trading	Clearly one of the most versatile tools in the social web space  The potential for real time mood capturing alone has immense psych / marketing consequences	This is hive mind in action	Wow This is so Sad  Wasting your lives on twittering when no one cares what you do  :|	Darn  never knew Id say this but I seriously cant live without beloved Twitter no more :)	Twitter gets a lot of my attention	Twitter is great  but the amount of downtime is a pretty major drawback	twitter is fun and i have found many people of like mind and also people i could possibly work with	Twitter is the #1 social network!!!!	Twitter is great! My big fat whale! :)	Twitter is amazing so long as you can get past the FailWhale	I think its a great communication and networking tool  plus  its fun to sit and read through what others are doing at the exact same moment you are!	Great way to share info	I love it  easy to use and has alot of desktop clients  I cant stand the FailWhale	the news aggregator i cant do without  fantastic how it keeps me updated faster than any other forms of media i have ever subscribed to	Twitter is ridiculous! (In a good way)	micro blogging service with the most users  getting spammy though	Highly addictive tool; great for networking  A reflection of todays fast moving society	Twitter is the most powerful microblogging tool :D	What I use day in day out   A great microblogging tool  and it can get addictive! D:	Not as good as plurk indeed   but it stays simple and thats what it counts	Great for staying in real time contact with friends and making new ones	It is fantastic and unites many other apps	I am addicted to twitter  Its incredible what you can do with it	I really value the conversational aspect of microblogging    like on Plurk   and Friendfeed  Not a fan of randomly shouting out stuff  not expecting a reply	I enjoy the friends I have made on Twitter  Great Place	Its alright for a while    time consuming though  And a lot of peoples tweets are about as interesting as exhaling	Twitter can be so much more than a microblog/social network  If you want  it can condense your whole online life 140 characters at a time	it has some very interesting features to connect all of us regular folks together with the crazy overspeeding world out there	It took a little bit to understand how to really use it  but Twitter is great with the right Twitter app	Well  what can I say? Its twitter  the best microblogging service	a ridiculous idea doing fine an a crazy world   i would prefer going out for a beer with my meat and bone friends but what to do?? by the way  i tweet too	i hate twitter  identi ca is better  more stable  and open source	Twitter is dabomb  A new communication protocol  albeit still in infancy	im fairly new to useing twitter  and i dont think i can go now with out using it ever day	All aspects of Twitter add up to a winning web application  Starting with limiting how much users can write; a simple ice breaker tactic thats catching on fast	Twitter has changed my life in more ways than one  Real time updates and meeting interesting people on twitter   the twitter experience is amazing!	I cant love a thing that can become such a time waster  nor hate one that can be such a community builder  Gotta settle for like	I cant be bothered to let people know when Im going to the bathroom and when Im getting coffee etc    Just seems all pointless   Do not want	Awesome tool that allows anyone to create or become a part of the discussion	Testing out Blippr   hope this works	I use it as a real time RSS feed for everything from local news to celebrities   all first hand accounts	 i think tis best for us	Twitter is my father  of course I love it!	Twitter is the one social network I like the most  Get to the point in few words  select the newest  and plenty useful apps	Twitter is the most powerful way to follow the latest informations all around the world :)	Excellent source of up to date news and information  use it everyday  Can not wait for more professional agencies to sign up!	easy way to hold a large scale discussion or debate and then track the # later for analysis	Love the Twitter   its quite addicting  I love being able to share all my online research with somebody at any time day or night	It does not do anything unique to any other social networking site   Its simplicity makes its function ambiguous	I LIKE 2 UPDATE MA PROFILE!	I love it  not for what it is today  but what it will be down the road  As more and more vertical solutions/applications tied to Twitter become available	It changed my life forever	Twitter is the only online service which I use 24X7	Simple  to the point  put your ideas out there and listen to others  If you have good content  people follow you  Simple  until @oprah showed up that is	The best social network on the internet!	i use twitter mostly for professional networking   its a fantastic tool for global communications	Im a rank beginner & maybe it will grow on me   i find twitter charming & overwhelming   useful sometimes for tracking subjects of interest     well see	The king of social networking apps  Simple to use  unostentatious design  32 million users cant be wrong!	Its very sociable  I like Twit Army as well  its Twitter only more directed to a particular group of people with the same interest!  COMPUTERS!!!!	I spend much time on it  still  so useful	Global Billboard w/ remote control market segmentation @simonuford   Dont comprehend it yet   but whats not to love??   namaste	Its fun and lets me to get closer than ever to stars and other people that I am a fan of Its the easiest way to share info at once   www twitter com/mzneekie	Twitter is great    I still prefer facebook for its look n feel    but agree on the fact that twitter wins when it comes to simplicity	Interesting site to tell your piece in 144 words or less	Very interesting  takes a while to get used to  Probably better if you keep your following list streamlined	I just love it  its very handful and you dont even have to bother yourself about anything  it is just what it is! S	I would love it but because some people are using wrong	the best way for momentary sharing	Great for receiving news while still being social with friends	Its getting betterer and betterer all the time	A great way to stay in the know re: what your loved ones are up to    also can be used to hone in on your interests  many experts on Twitter	Twitter is addictive  It just gets easier to share thanks to Mobile Tweeting and firefox plugins  Its truly Micro Blogging	Fine  I like Twitter  I dont know what the point of this rating is though  ?	I love it too!! The best social media ever till now  Lots of information  tips and links that brougth me here to Mashable! ; )	The digital generation dont care about sliced bread  they want to belong and connect  In years to come people will say Its the best thing since twitter	I dont have much of a need to tweet myself  but I do follow a bunch of cool people	i think dat itz awesome	Has been quite fun until now  lets see if it lasts	I love Twitter   Unfortunately  Twitter is completely misunderstood by so many   We have Twitter founders @ev and @biz to thank for that	This is a kick ass app for content amplification  It RULES!	By far the best Social Networking site around	Great way to keep up  Careful on who and how many auto updates to phone though  especially if not on unlimited plan	My Review in 160 Characters???? are you kidding me? 140! its 140!	It serves more purpose for people who know how to use it effectively	Facebook is for your real friends  Twitter is for your online friends  Thats the way I look at it	Its great but if youve been around online communication awhile it looks more like a radical re imagining of irc than something new	yeah    love twitter  best place to view everyones thoughts  :)	Greatesy invention since ADHD medication	It is all about updates which is really cool but it would be better if the apps were built onto twitter	Im with u man! Twitter is indeed the most innovative social tool on the web 2 0 world   Rock on Twitter!	Its nearly impossible to explain logically what exactly Twitter is  but the sites simplicity is what puts it leaps and bounds ahead of other social mediums	I love twitter it keeps me updated on information that is important to me!	table legs monkey beak    i mean  i like it allot	Pros: Currently a high active user base  convenient  connected to many apps  Cons: Hyped  over exaggerated  on its way down	Love it except    Twitter itself is limited and no other application (Tweetdeck  PeopleBrowsr  Flock  etc ) does it all  Still waiting for that killer Tweet app	Twitters fab! It lets me connect to my friends  stay up to date on news and media that interest me and follow my favourite celebs  artists  authors & more!	Great tool! I learned and communicated a ton with it	It would be great if there was a like option  I dont always like to Retweet or reply if I like a post I read	Twitter is great!  I was to be a Twenius!	Twitter is a statistical sample of the worlds brain & thus how we think   dont be a geek on Twitter and say statistical sample; people wont like you! :)	I trust it more than I trust traditional media like newspapers  magazines etc	one day  Twitter will simply destroy the other blogposts	Before I thought it was useless  Now I know Twitter is a good way to stay in touch with people you know  to meet new friends and to gain/share knowledge	It is the coolest thing ever   brief but effective	Twitter is a really great micro blogging site  They need to catch up to some of the 3rd party developers though  The Twitter homepage is almost obsolete	Its growth will bring eventual dilution of relevance  Will be around forever  but will someday be just that thing you used to do	Its so fun to see what everyone is up to and share what youre doing with your followers  I love exploring the Trending Topics and the hashtags!	Simple  effective and powerfull microblogging	Zero effort required to use! My MOM is actually interested in this  Plurk is too much for her to work with  Facebook is too distracting (what with all the ads)	first thought of it as a centralized service for my statuses  now its home to my life blogging  microblogging  and more	Simple  easy  free and probably the only way Ill ever get to know high profile peeps from around the world  Also serves as a (not always accurate) news feed	I am hooked  One account lets me follow people Im interested in; the other lets me send out tech news to people I work with  Fast and keeps me up to date	no me desagrada pero tampoco lo dejo en las nubes (hehe)  es un servicio que aun esta creciendo y que tiene gran potencial que de a poco esta mostrando	TWITTER IS EPIC WIN	The tools ability to spawn spontaneous communities around topics or events is almost magical	Twitter is the BEST invention of the 2000s so far  imho! :)	Useful tool for sharing bits of info sound bite style  Great app when used well  Boring as hell for when used poorly	I love Twitter awesome way to get an overview of what is happening out there   Then can go and get more in depth of there is an interest	Cant stop me from login everyday	Best Networking Platform	Simply an awesome platform to connect with people who have the same interest  I dont know how they accomplish what they do  but  its one of the best	im new here just started	You cant be a geek if you havent a good twitter profile now  So   lets try mBlogging!	Twitter gives no more functionality or other worth than any another social network does  And it force me to keep eye on one more feed after all others	Started out sceptical using Twitter  but can say now that I am addicted to it  As Mickey D would say loving it	Great for people in Iran   for stupid  arrogant white people here? useless  Twitter and the medias constant love for it can die in a fire	Its so relevant to the new economy;a real must for savvy marketers & advertisers promoting products  services  and thought streams	i love massimo buonaiuto	Freakin awesome man	I was trying to get into Twitter for a while until I figured all the available applications and iPhone apps  Since then  everything made more sense	Great  but wish more people would use it  Also can be annoying when people take the What I had for breakfast approach  Good replacement for RSS  however	Super addicting   also a great way to keep in touch with friends  and support my websites and websites I love  Also fun to play small message games & whatnot! :	Twitter is a great social media tool	Silently addictive  Its one of those things that you dont expect to use much when you join but soon becomes your life	Sick to death of twitter  tweeting and anything relating to this site	Too much fun  too important to business now too	distribution platform    information exchange    social/business networking/media     I love being a TwitWit(c)  ~: )  Thanks for asking	it helps to connect with friends	The best parts of Twitter are that we are getting closer with intricate detailing of our lifestyle and the second best its character limitation Absolutely in <	Twitter is the Slap Chop of da internet  cute device that lets u hew ur thoughts into 140 char bite size nuggets & RT tasty crumbs 2 ur feather brained followas	I think I would see it as long as its made for more general audience and nothing really crude   Facebook is my favorite  A movie 4 twitter  2!  :P	I love it   It is my favorite web application of all times   It makes digital communications so fun and yet so practical	Twitter is a great way to connect to strangers when the people in your life are getting redundant  Not you honey  the jerks I work with	So addictive    I really shouldnt Tweet so much :P	especially all the great reading tips  too bad the reading it self takes so much time ; )	Its stupid! twitter will NEVER be like MYSPACE in my opinion twitter is stupid and Facebook is for old people      BORIIIINNNNNGGGG	Twitter rocks! A different way of status updating	what was PR like before Twitter   certainly less fun!!	i luv akom     hes so sexy	Got to love twitter	it has slowly consumed my waking life	Love the aspects of researching trends in my industry on Twitter!	Its whatever you want it to be  Without it  blippr wouldnt exist!	I think Twitter is great  I joined simply to see what the fuss was about and didnt expect much  but now I use twitter more often any other web service	tight/loose coupling of interests and interest groups   brilliant and powerful	More Friends  More Faster  More Exposure   There could be MORE expletives to describe twittering but these are the ones I value MORE	When I had more time I did more Blogging  I finally have a job and Micro Blogging is a happy medium	What I love about twitter is that it encourages conversation  allows you to share relevant content and offers you a user controlled experience	love it  the next wave of search is upon us now	more addictive than crack and hookers	Twitter is my new favorite learning tool	Simple but useful  fun  and addicting!	Twitter completes me :)	The concept is great  but the execution still leaves a lot to be desired  Failwhales  dirty pics  noise  spammers  outages  etc	Awesome microblogging tool! Addicting especially when you have a mobile device to update on	this is cool and new to me   open for new things	this is cool but fairly new to me	Twitter RoCkS!!!***$$$ Because i love 2 meet new people	The fastest and simplest way to connect with almost everyone and everything you can think of =)	Just love Twitter	Fast and effective microblogging service  Its downright addicting!	Twitter has put my interest in social media and micro blogging	The only social media site I use regularly  and I tried many  Fantastic for breaking news & local stuff  Absolutely addictive  though	Only social networking site that isnt bloated with useless features	Totally agree with you  @istambulhotels	I LOVE TWITTER   SO MUCH FUN TO USE!	its great little app cant wait to see how it grows	I just started using Twitter a few weeks ago and Im hooked  my emails are piling up  my website remains unfinished  maybe I should change the theme to Twitter!	Really makes you think differently on how people connect and share information	Love it  Totally addicted	i love twitter it rocks	Its more than an instant insight into your life  It really does unify the world and keeps everyone informed	just getting started	im so sad to here about the news of Michael Jacksons death i grew up with him an im so sad	i love    that how i feel in love	Twitter keeps me in the loop and gives me the public opinion on news  reviews  tech  music  and politics  Its a one stop shop	i try to avoid advertising at all times   but since it is my choice to engage &perhaps win something   i will cooperate! @moontweet #moonfruit?	twitter = waste = pee pee & poo poo	hello fellow twitters	I think i have to get to bed i got to got up in 6 hours to go work to cut and trim hog ass holes   Fun oh what fun	Neat integration with desktop apps and other online services  and lots of fun	I dont get it    Apparently  people like to follow celebs  but I dont care	I like twitter   no shit!	Im completely hooked  This is my #1 social site  A great integration of the fun  social aspect  with a useful  real time view of what people are talking about	its true fun      i can keep in touch with my friends family!!sometimes i can play some game    its accompany me everyday	Im sure ill love it once i get the hang of it	I CANT DIS IT IF I DONT TRY IT I WILL LET U KNOW LATE   $ PAIGE $	Its pretty great if you like to let people know what your doing every second	I like to use to track news events in real time from people that are there   Havent really gotten the hang of the social side of it yet though	ridiculously addictive  real time gossip machine!	Twitter is god between the social media	I go on twitter! It is fantastic and people around the world know what youre doing!	really amazing service	Twitter is incredible! Great way to connect with very interesting people easily  much easier to manage than other networks  Susan Walsh	http://Twitter com/ScottMonaco Love the stream of others thoughts  news  etc  Glad to share them too	is a interesting page ilike it	the best service of all! I have the failing whale  but its okay  And I love the asymmetry of the tool	because its sociable and you can chat to mates and stuff like that meet new people and make new friends :)	Works great  Good for publicity for blogs  great for discovering new things  way easier than news sites	i dont use it as much as i used to but i do like it i just dont have time to twitter all the time now that im working so much  but anyway yeah its great	Who doesnt love twitter?	Its a clever  useful site  Identica kicks ass in terms of features  though	I use it more than any other social networking site	Very useful once you understand it and have found the right people to follow	great time theif	for me is the great  quicly and easy way to konw and understand the world web news  the general world news  and conecting experts engaged and cool people	Easy way to keep in touch with friends and with people that I am interested in  Can update my Twitter from my phone  which is a huge plus  and it is easy to use	Are their people really voting I hate it! Its impossible	helps me keep up with whats going on in the world	i think this live all the way	its great           helps to haye gud comyact wit frenz	Who knew 140 characters could be such an important addition to my life? You just cant understand it until you use it	wouldnt use it without apps like tweetdeck	just like the internet in 1999 : media ? channel ? community ? idea feed ? www youbridge com :)	smart and simple  perfect for quickly keeping up on whats what  sharing and discovering articles/links of interest and brief interactions	I love how the news propagate   To everyone that likes it but says its incomplete: The API puts that right  i can share everything with twitter	THIS SERVICE IS INDEED OUTSTANDING  IN EVERY RESPECT OF THE WORD!!!!	twitter connects people with the same  intrest im an artist producer its awesome check out your authentic sufferahsmusic video tube http://sufferahs1tv blip tv	Been using Twitter more then I use Facebook lately  Dont know how long that will last  Probably get bored of it in a while	Its great  as long as youre clear what you want to get out of it  otherwise the novelty wears off pretty quickly	ragin a wasnt at t in tne park  will deffo b their next year	I would like to have information on is it possible to hire a senior to work please send reply thanks	I am and (I fear) always will be a Twitter whore	It wants to be facebook  but it arent	Wonderful service that is a great global communication platform  I use it daily	i really love it ! its the best microblogging service in the whole world !	No other platform has had me hooked like Twitter	i tweet to much  im addicted! you can find out almost anything on it!	i like the idea  but use it very rarely	fantastic! great for me  great for my clients and good fun	Hopelessly addicted  First thing I do in the morning  Its my newspaper!	I loved it before i was suspended for no reason  I believe twitter is fucked up  I still love it  but losing my account really disheartens me	I love it and use it every day	Use it as my news feed every day  Easy to use and learn more than anywhere else on the web	Love it so much I blogged about it! http://tinyurl com/mswzgl	I love Twitter! There are always new things to learn about it   but connecting with people this way is a lot of fun  :)	Just an amazing microblogging tool also used to monitor the web ;) Using it every day	I like it and Ill love it	I love Twitter: have done from the start  I especially like that you can more or less control your level of engagement  unlike Facebook  for example	Has its flaws but generally speaking a revolution in communication  I use it for work and hobbies  Its great for news debate and its a great networking tool	~ time waster  but great for news and design information sharing	I like it and hate it   I think Ive forgotten to talk in full sentences	Twitter is absolutely awesome  To date  the ultimate in social networking and information gathering  Needs some tweaking  but outstanding overall	I love it!! =D day aint complete without Twitter	I like it for work related short comms  but not personal relationship comms  too much spam  question LT stickiness of it	I love that I dont have to see any quizzes  bears  hugs  farms  drinks  mafia wars  pillow fights  etch	a simple app which has changed the life style of millions	Digging it still  It helps me love my job!	Twitter is my new online addiction   I feel like I am missing out if I dont read everyones updates	I think Twitters customer service sucks  Its practically nonexistent  Twitter is good for information gathering  but thats about it	As a web designer  Im embarrassed that something so poorly designed has excelled so completely online  Its IMPOSSIBLE to follow a conversation	has massive marketing potential but no one knows how to harness it properly barr the basics   i e getting celebrity to twitter your service/product	Its amazing   The amount of information that is available on Twitter is great	Twitter has become a commodity for some of us  Nevertheless  I think  should Facebook get better  it might be able to render twitter obsolete	One of the first things i said when i entered twitter whas that the one who connects it wih something like esnips will be a winner  But i just discovered blip	I think it is great! I wish I knew my way around better though  Thank U : )	i love sports football baseball basketball	One Week Marketing has changed my life  http://tinyurl com/l6288s	Twitter is a game changing social platform  Business who embrace will thrive on instant  two way communication with a relevant audience	i second simple and great  but also truly appreciate their totally hands off business model which is going to serve as a great case study for social media	The best social website !	The best social network and source of news EVER  Not only in format but also in quality of users	trend setting    and reporting	I love`t man   !  Its good stuff   way interesting and i`m  sure everybody would find something they like in here  so its not like only for a certain individual	Addictive and more useful than most people probably think	I simply love this website  Its the best social networking site	twitter tracker twitter trACKER	Incredibly powerful & useful social networking tool with minimal interface  Trending topics is one of the best ways online to be up to date with news worldwide	Best way to communicate!	Great way to stay updated on the internet!	i dont know what to say just WoW	Who doesnt love the twitter? Except for all the people who hate it  I mean	Im new on Twitter  still learning	condolence to Bomb Victims	Twitter is the best mocroblog of the World!	140 is the new black!     Or  something along those lines	nice way to re invent your social networking   : )	Twitter is an effective and easy way to get info I want to put out info I want others to have	Great service but Im not quite as addicted    yet	One day ALL communication will be in 140 or 160 character bites ; ) Like many social apps it can take a short time to get it!	What a great way to vent your thoughts in 140 characters or less :D	Yeah  youre totally right!	definitely a great way to socialize  and learn about technology or find people such as mashable that teach you about different apps	But wont use it unless something i really wanna say  I hate those tweets where ppl are broadcasting there every action  Its useless	Twitter is very easy to use  It really shows specific activities of specific given time  You can also learn what are the hot topics out there  Its awesome!	Love it   pure  unadulterated  erudite  nonsense	content rich  engaging and fast paced	content rich  engaging  thought provoking and fast paced	Twitter keeps me informed!	feelings about our President: :) :( Does any one have thoughts about what what and how Obama is going about this war and the things that will arise from it?	for me the best social media site!	twitter makes me feel connected to others  it makes the world feel a little smaller  ug  did i really just say that? #meta	Great way t keep up to date with breaking info	Easily the best social networking site around	Pretty good site for small updates  Dont have a huge use for it though	Small businesses typically get more than half of their customers through word of mouth and Twitter is the digital manifestation of that http://is gd/1J1c5	Love this  great for being controvertial  and limiting life to 140	Nicey  but lacks OpenMicroBlogging integration	blipt de letterman vid	friendsz are their enemysz are even closer	started the microblogging revolution	A great microblogging tool to connect to the world	like it very much! follow me at http://twitter com/prodigalx :P	Were a UK design firm based in Solihull (West Midlands) @c9dd   its great for marketing our website design services	Very educational  Just like an every minute newspaper on my window!	cdogstar says:100 IN 313 cant be beat !!!	Why do I care if youre taking a crap?  What a dumb site!	LIke it   and want to know more  But it takes too much time	Yeeps! Fits the bill  the narrower the band huggin the better the social media (just coined it) Beware of adulation its addictive & brain damaging	Love it  Great to document your life	i love twitter because its very much social   helps me get my kinda people thru the web	me likey likey  savvy yall?	I love it!!! I never knew some people died! With Twitter  I know	it installed user base and tools make it the best	A truly addictive communication in the disguise off one way blurbing	Havent had any app I like better than Twitter (!!)	Im addicted to twitter   It offers an easy way to keep up to date with your friends  but also a great way to get news as it happens!	Got hooked with Twitter already  in fact I get to open my Twitter page more than any other social network sites I have  It gives more info  etc	Absolutely simplistic brilliant stuff	And I love Twitter because I get in touch with people who have similar interests  And I learned a lot about web2 0 thanx to Twitter	I think Twitter is great  its so much more manageable  its quick and its snazzy  Size matters : ) LindaMPhotos	If u dont like da color red fuck u	I dont see the point  but  hey  everyone else is using it  A bit like Facebook  only less time consuming	Great for keeping updates out to customers and your name out there  Quick and easy to use and can get addictive fast	twitter  makes the verb to tweet legitimate grammar	Breaking News  Gossips Babes  Rumors  Celeb News  World News  Technology News  Health News and Lots More	Im with you Mashable    totally addictive    more than addictive    a life its not enough to explore it	ich liebe twitter	Shorter attention span theater	its because some people are fade up with facebook so they want to have something different	I really like it and its good fun	I am addicted to twitter & I love the connections I have because of twitter!	Homewood Public Library  Homewood AL loves the connection with friends & patrons in our community!	Quite addicted to Twitter  I have to admit	took me a little bit to get into it  but now i love it  love facebook too though  different things	Great tool for networking  marketing  broadcasting  learning	Microblogging is fab    twitter I like   It will be improved in the future and that will make me love!	I JUST FIRST TIME  TO JOIN THIS BUT MAYBE SO MUCH FRIENDS THAT I HAVE AND FUN	i love twitter because is very fast and profitble	fast  light  searchable	Keeps me wired to the world	i love the mental image that is employed   twitter  tweeting   very clever language!	love good jokes know any	Twitter + Me = Love  Twitter is user friendly and fun in my opinion making it one of the best networks/microblogs out there	Very useful  way too much downtime though	its amazing social network!!	very interesting and keeps u updated in real time	Fast informative  clean and easy to use social networking  all I need	Love connecting with new people  love straight  to the point conversations available 24/7/365	twitter is great for 1) keeping a finger on the pulse of your interests  2) broadcasting insights  links  and other miscellany	I Like It but I want to know if the pass word is security not public	First twitter!  Not sure its worthwhile!!!!	love it  dont love Facebook	Im almost quitting my conventional weblog  Twit is faster and easier :)	A sacred advertisingless platform has just turned into a bazaar	but is it two way communication? Isnt it just shouting into the wind? Am I just shouting into the wind?	I cant read everything I want  its too much	ben geldim yahuuuu:P	Great way to keep in touch with friend family and current news sites	Absolutely wonderful tool  for social networking and internet marketing	Twitter is the virtual synapse that connects us all	It keeps me updated  Be it with my friends or with the technology or the latest news  I hav the updated knowledge	A terrific source of inspiration and resources  The design community within Twitter is incredible  It makes me thirsty for more!	I want to know more about twitter as I know nothing about it	Awesome app  Mini blog and so much much more :D	It is a great way to tell people what youre doing and to connect with people all over  Not to mention talking to stars you never would be able to do  Awesome!	It gets you used to writing mini novellas in 140 characters or less  thats for sure! Seriously though  its a good time  :)	Couldnt live without twitter   check with me in 1 year  it could go the way of MySpace ;)	i dont know y i like twitter com	One of the easiest way to connect  and stay updated with friends and brands	A great way to get professional development and news!	i finally found something goodand free  thanks! lets get blipping!	 well it kind help us update our buddy condition	Super awesome! I like your little survey box too!	Twitter is the future of media  Embrace it or die	Highly addictive and fun	I use Twitter and Facebook both  but for different reasons  I have lots more friends on twitter	for me reading tweets is a great way of finding out what is going on in the world right now  and I learn a lot from it  simpler and faster than reading articles	Interesting idea  but it seems to me like a waste of time and brainpower  I prefer doing something useful rather than tweeting all day	shortest  easiest  funest( coined a word)   way to get your message across; simple to use  great connections  enhanced business potential  smart users  fantasti	I think usernames shouldnt be included in character count  Also  it sucks to have to link to a blog every time you want a long post  Its cool enough though	Its amazing  Its how I stay up to date with the latest news	i love twitter  it is just fabulous and great for keeping in touch fast in short but sweet tweets	Best way I know to both contribute to and watch the conversations on the web	good social media	i can tweet gibberish all day long!  wait  how come I have 160 characters in this version?	Twitter is nothing special; its just the status part of Facebook without any of the other features	twitter is borin its just a status website thur no games er notin	I had to go to Twitter Rehab because I was addicted  Hi  Im Crystal and Im a former Twitteroholic	i think twitter is great	An awesome guide with great categories   Not everyone needs the same sort of help   What a great idea!	Koreia Souza   Aqueer de Manaus  Amazonaa     Adeeceeoonaa Orkut Aeer   Koreia360@gmail com   msn deepoiis euu doou xD   fallow	im new to it but heard a lot about this  at this time i just like  maybe after sumtime il love it	im new to it  at this time i like it	I love you because you have people like eg: Miley Cyrus  Nick Jonas  etc     because I hate jente ipogrita not connect at the other says that because I love Eng	I was originally skeptical but having tried it I think its very useful  Its generally not well understood and thats interesting for something so simple!!	Wonderful stuff  pretty much the first in its class  :)	working on project  which in inovative	Its an amazing social media to connect to friends  Just awesome  i enjoy being @geekz	90% of new followers are #salesfollowers  If youre such a success  why are you desperate for me to buy your advice? Just retire with your wealth	whatsup my name is keesha about me cute nice	I love it because it contains decent people like Pastor Chris oyachilome	realtime and short are cool  but plaintext is so 1990s: unpleasant to read (URL shorteners are ugly)  hard to search/analyze  easy to spam	Me gusta Twitter! cada cual lo puede usar para lo que crea necesario no?	Great concept  works very well	it sure is easy to sign up  I like it	hey anyones teher	i hate that politics     :(	im new to the twitter thing	Virtual watercooler for freelancers	I am usually a happy early adopter but there is something about Twitter that doesnt sit right with me   too much marketing puff	Twitter has been one of the most valuable tools for me! It has helped me find speaking engagements  learn more about social media  twitter  and web 2 0!!!	its fast and teaches you much about a person or subject from a totally different perspective than offered by facebook or from knowing them	twitter has changed the way I communicate and follow with real people  Its my favorite	increible todo lo que descubri!	Twitter is addictive  fun  and friendly to connect with people you know and people you dont  The only problem I have is spam   get rid of auto DMers!	addictive and easy (too easy?)	A quick way to get information to a large number of people at any given moment  Addictive and very useful	Great guide    alot of good info	Really nice interface  clean and awesome real time  But I like FriendFeed better since I can post to Twitter from it and keep all my stuff in one place!	Twitter is a very fun and quick way to meet people all over the world    and share perspectives  information  and great web content	first of all this is my first time to use it because it is very popular around the world	uh how the hell do you use this thing man!? its weird hehe  do you gotta be an adult on this? or some company thang?im 14 and go to skwl	Its become a part of daily life  Any site that can do that is win	but i can access to twitter any more  oppss	rhinteractive    the quintessential early adopter    late bloomer ;)	twitter is super fun	I have something to read thanks to the useful people I follow  Its always interesting to have news on tech world in an efficient  filtered and workless way  :)	i just started bt hey	i lik3 it se3n lots of pepsz on it	Twitter is an awesome  addictive micro blogging website  Highly recommended!	Need a regular fix its that good	Its good    Not enough people I know use it    Then it would be a love!	The best of blogging  updating  and short messaging	great for real time searching  and connecting with your target audience	Its simple and easy to learn  Help me stay connected with friends	lol     a new datacentre coz of twitter	New kind of social network  Cant imagine my life without it	I want to use it on my website	i dont have imagination to write more than 140 characters anyway	Quite useful  And of course its fun	Hola como estan  me gustaria conocer amigas bellas en este sistema soy de ecuador mi correo edislara@hotmail com	It is the technology that will refine the telegraphic abilities of our brain and the receptors in our cells in ways we cannot even imagine yet    It is Amazing!	Its a great way to meen interesting people!	Still trying to figure out what to use it for	Mashable always show awesome toys for us  this looks perfect	Status updates suck	Twitter is a terrific platform to express ones altruism   In a context that overly accentuates the commercial	hi hello ilker  tiryaki0606@hotmail com	Twitter is the new news and entertainment	Its good  its got the right idea   but a long way to go  There are still many things that need to be improved  such as eliminating spammers  and rubbish trend	im learning about  but I have to say   Twitter change my life: now Im  connected with every levels of my interests  I love it	Using Twitter for recreation as well as helping me make a living so yea  I can safely say I love Twitter!	what a great way to let people know about www worstpizza com	TWITTER is answering the question: What are you doing?  in 140 chars	Great tool for short stuff	Eloquence in 140 characters  lots of noise too  you just need to have a little care with the people you choose to follow back	Its overrated  Facebook can do everything Twitter can do and more	Life happens before on Twitter	Its good to see facebook pushing twitter and visa versa	Open feed  great APIs  enables a whole platform of APPs	Uso todos los dias	Its perfect for what you use it for  Business or just your leisure  Its just a whole other world  Its my best marketing tool yet	Twitter enabled me to connect with people much faster than ever before  Ive met a ton of awesome people & Ive received new business as a result	i dont understand how people like this?	i love music and my boyfriend   i like relaxing with friends/ family   i dislike dishonesty  and i hate FONY PEOPLE	i love the gay who makes me feel so happy!!!	Cant help but love it   I feel so connected when Im using twitter	I like it It is too easy to share thoughts to others	Twitter is a Great tool for making connections that might not otherwise happen  yet its Addictive	I love it  I feel like I can talk to anyone in the world when Im on Twitter   whether its true or not  lol!  What a rush!	niy apaan sii ??	ilike it coz it gives me opoutunity to chat with other people	Great platform for open and flexible communication	nice web2 0 survey	I like this apps that can be used to earn money  hehehe	i love cause you stay in touch with friends and family	I do feel this will head me on the right path  a slow going venture but what a wonderful window for me to open	UberTwitter is the best client for BB  and those folks should be able to make some money; I can ignore the ads	IF YOU FOLLOW THE RIGHT PEOPLE THEN ITS A GREAT INFORMATION FLOW TOOL see who I follow @Globalcide	Awesome Micro Blogging site	Just LOVE it lol	Who knew you could communicate in less than 140 characters?	i wish i could tell world how i think differently  every 1 is right in own way	Cant live without it now    works great on my tablet as well as my crackberri    happy  happy  happy! @FJPalacio    see ya!	Kinda difficult learning to use it   :S Facebook is easier	well it does not lock like the rest of the browser will work until then   so I have been going through it and is not too bad but am wasting a lot of time doing	i get all my news &am able to share random info  links &other media; I like that comments are concise; I take it more as an info share  rather than social  ntwr	Im new to it  Im just checking it all out	I  am  new  to  twitter   I  actually  saw  it  on  the  CNN  news  channel	i am new on twitter and i wld love to have some friends to keep me going  i dont want to be lonely	amazing networking tool!	Tweetie on mac & iPhone   simples :)	Absolutely love twitter  I couldnt live without it! :)	Sometimes  Some entries from people Im following worth reading  Ts not really interactive tho  No easy way to filter stream of tweets  Help isnt much use	I like the ease of sending out updates to my followers whenever I post a new blog article	a bit overrated for business purposes      but great for personal and social interaction	Whats not to love? Its fast replacing following blogs for me  And allows virtual attendance of conferences	It lets me reach my audience immediately with relevant to the minute commentary  and makes me strip that commentary down to its essence!	i think its beasting like n basketball taking out other services to dinner	A great place to dump my ideas quickly while they are still in my mind  Slightly inconvenient to access later	Great way to get breaking news and get the word out there without 5 page blog posts	I dont get the big deal    Facebook is my thing	keeps things simple and succinct  not as addictive or distracting as other social mediums	I like checking out the tts to see whats hot   When Im bored I search random terms and see what ppl are saying   I barely update my status anymore!	I love it; however  I wish I could arrange my following/followers lists alphabetically or chronologically or something!	Twitter is amazing!  If only more people used it though	i really love it cuz itz soooo cool	I simply love it  Friends  networking  business and yes   most of the people are sensible as only sensible people can express in 140 characters  !@#$ the bots!	There was a time when anyone who did not know the difference between right and wrong  truth and lies was considered insane; but today they run for Congress  DRA	Its fantastic  met so great people here!	I am new to twitter so I am still learning to like it	nu things always interesting	not sure what it can really be used for in personal life other than status updates  but like it no matter  simple and fun :3	Twitter is fun as long as you dont over use	I love twitter  its so cool:)	i use 2 hve a twitter but it cut off in 2 days            but its okay=D	Use it more and more  Especially all the other services around it make it a super on line networking/communication tool	one of the best social network tools out there	hari yang cerAH    untuk panen	tiny   great micro blogging  keeping in touch  adore it!	Really like Twitter  but you shouldnt overuse it	Great way to connect with like minded people in a quick and clean way	Twitter could let me know fresh news and sometimes I could use it to send some story of my life	Twitter is blogging for short attention spans	I am so glad I jumped on the Twitter bandwagon back in December 08  Twitter is the best thing Ive used that is helpful and useful!	great tool to be in touch with people you know  who you would like to know and who wants to know about you	hi i m so glad i jamped on d tiwtter	great power tool to social identity building and information/knowledge sharing (management?)	this is my first time think its great	Its becoming more and more of a source of quick up to the minute information hub  It really is a social network hub  but is also more	at least 100 times faster than any other kind of information media	Doesnt do anything more than give information   And there are so many sites and rss feeds which can facilitate that   It doesnt do enough to grab my attention	hai2      hehehehe give me follower more than 100 pless :p	heya everybody   mwah love you glen	I love the fast pace access to information   Looking forward to making business connection as a result	Hmmmm  is just me or is the world already tending towards 2020?	Awesome resource for newbies  pros and or those trying to educate others on what twitter is all about  I love the design and usability of this e book as well!	=) it would be ok but if you had a really long message you would have to wright 2	Looks great  so far	great way to share updates and news with friends  Also learn new information and perspectives with expanded networks	I cannot get enough of this site!  I think that I am in love?	hell yea  u rock!	amazingly great making us a complete knowledge products	i love twitter because i get talk 2 FAMOUS PEOPLE	i like it  it has already be the part of my everyday life :)	Twitter is awesome  right now it is my favorite website	Twitter is life  Without Twitter  there can be no existence  :P	Boom its just there   No thought  Easy for new users and those who are a little older and not so tech savvy	i want to join with twitter	its mah first tym so lets see	I think its funny that we are allowed 160 characters in this field instead of  140 like  twitter  allows : ) Im kidding  Love twitter!	The newest kid on the block  Rockstar	Hmmm   on Twitter  when you have nothing to say  you should say something about nothing	Im connecting with people all over the world that have interests similar to mine  Thats so cool!	I LOVE TO TALK TO HOT GUYS	hola a todos hi everybody!!!	Brings meaning&unity to isolated words+topics   love the trendsmap http://trendsmap com/ to actually see trends forming   also great social tool	media personals have no commitments to their readers	Its a place for concise talk and seems to me  an efficient way of exchanging information	i love to be here  t want to have many more friends here	i am not use it  i hv mch heared about it	its just great  info in the moment!	isnt it fascinating  thats what we need from time to time	mandame un mensaje y hablamos	i luv it  its a whole lot of fun!	I like twitter and I want to looking some friends!!!!!!!!!	=D hi guys i am at school  just want to say hi>	Being able to choose who you follow is a very direct way of garnishing future leads  etc  related to ones specific interests  Like a personal RSS feed	Himshilp likes Twitter as it helps to connect with current issues Source http://www himshilp com Tag: SEO Services Company  India	i thank that i love it  datsx wat i thank	The only microblogging service that matters  Twitter seriously needs groups and segmentation abilities   feed page gets useless with too many follows	Its useful  I see a lot of room for improvement  and Im sure as time goes on it will get much better :)	i love it!!!! follow my tweets! @javitchka thankss ill appreciate	Great future  most nihonomaru com members use it to communicate fatser and get the latest anime updates	I love the fact that my favorite band in the world follows us the fans   Its a great way to communicate	twitter is technology at its best check out honeysummerxx on twitter alex reid come and fight colin if you think your hard enough !!!!!!!!!!!	i think it is good and i like it	The more you tweet  the more you want to  Its additive	its okay  I wish more of my friends used it though	Simple and simply fantastic!	It is like Chris Pirillo has stated a place where you can say what youre thinking before actually thinking about it  But I see it in a different light  though	I love it enough to have created my own interpretation of the Twitter bird   TweetBot! http://sketchbot blogspot com/2009/10/tweetbot html	Usefull but lacks features	i love twitter because i will be get good friend and good communicated to others this is my first visit i will recommended to others also i wish to twitter good	tell people twitter and they listen even MPs Its Awesome!!	HEY GUYZ IM NEW HERE	Fast growing and going to be a reputation network too	Bit of a buzz word; however  I dont think weve begun to scratch the surface of what its capable of	I like it  but dislike the way some people use it   I dont need to know that you have a severe case of indigestion	este es un dia para salir corriendo  dejando todo atras  por q ya no aguanto mas	Great way to easily keep in touch with hundreds of people or even learn something new from someone you dont know	I think is terrific the idea of microblog	Its addictive and I find I like to get a lot of my news/information on Twitter	i am happy to keep touch so many people in many ways	i hope it would be fun being a member of twitter	Started two weeks ago  Still feeling uncomfortable  Still not knowing how to handle the big amount of extra information	Its amazing how quick information can move from the real world to a trending topic on twitter  It will soon completely permeate the biz world	I love how you can login to other sites with this singal account! Im using the login with Twitter on Blippr now!	Ive been using it for almost a year now  Really great !!! A quick way to know what is happening right now	I start Twitter today and its a very cool Application! I can find very quickly all the last news!	Twitter is such a great communication platform  practical  effective and simplistic !	I like good friendship	dis is cool better than aol com	I like it because it is real time interaction between locos & locos :D	i love it because i can never get bored and i get to meet new friends	Quick and easy  to give thoughts or share interesting topics  game stats  etc	The Twitter clone/twitter like sites collection   http://www thws cn/articles/twitter clones html	I am a twitter holic:) It is excellent to stay in touch & share contents with smart people all over the planet	i  think  is  eazy  to  see  your  love  her	I use it every day   Its a part of my life now	it would be great and honest for i want the word love it reminds me of the feelings all of us have to feel and share not minding who and what we are	twitter is the online blog ever it gives you all detail and no flare  i just love it so much	hii i am just add this	Twitter is an integral marketing tool for educating  connecting  relating  and exciting prospects!	Friendly  fun and fast    cant be easier then this	Im a little slow on it  but am learning pretty quick dont love it dont hate it but im in between	eu ainda estou tentando entender como usar esse novo e mail	Twitter   my fav place to go  when in depressed!	Nice try  this looke alike Commoncraft style presentation is ok  but why have your self in front of the camera  Your comment was interesting	Im a novice but I am trying it out for my business   Too early to have results but Im very willing to give it a chance	Im new On Twitter But I Very Like It But Remember Twitter Is Not a chat	World is our play ground	Im sooo in love with it ;)	Kind of pointless  but still really fun	Really cant comment yet    I was a Facebooker  but the site has been off for repairs for almost 4 hours    What good is that to any man and his dog??? I am ne	Because you dont need tell the whole world about what your doing every single minute!	think im going 2 like twittering	Hi Im Chevy J and new to twitter As and artist I would like use this to help advertise my music and talents	This mini blogging communication system is building momentum and creating a hole new trend for networking and building our communities	I Like Twitter A Lot It Is A Great Way To Tell Your Friends And Family What You Up To	hi             friend i am umesh chandra rao	muy nice como se quedaron	hallow    i new to twitter  im a students and I want to join this community	aquw kangend ma huny quuuwh	i love to be here   though im new ahhaa	#ImTwitAddicted although I have #yet2decide #what2make of http://www blippr com/	TWITTER IS ZE BEST :D  i ditched facebook because of it :b haha	thinks its great  will like it even more when i get the hang of it	twitter is tha future!	love to use twitter	Twitter is fantastic for building an online network and sharing items of interest  It pushes social networks beyond the exclusivity and personal nature of FB	Twitter is cyber crack for the new junkie	The best damn thing my eyes have ever seen    [apologies to @LavigneOfficial]	It is just another way to get people to my site	new years eve	Its a great quick way to see whats happening with the people you follow! Ive found free stuff  articles  ideas  people    :D	Twitter is a great way to spread the news about neat Web sites I come across  as well as my own news; Also a good source of breaking news!	so far I have no complaints  one way to releave some pressure that is if you are under any	Twitter allows me to stay connected with everyone  building relationships I never knew could exist in business	thanks twitter 4 giving me apportunity to join with new friends	Twitter is the Internet mood  Like internet  twitter is free  open and unpredictable	I like it  its ok  I wish it had more options like adding game app! Im new to Twitter maybe i havnt figured it all out yet?	i like it but dont really know what i am doing	It has certainly grown quickly and its fast becoming a great tool	:)) im surprised  its fast though i was just forced to make a twitter :))	twitter is a little confusing for beginners but as you proceed it becomes addictive	My favorite social networking site by far  All of the people I want to hear about with none of the distractions of facebook	this is my first tymy hir  everone	Loving the world of amazing people its opening me up to    Every  Single  Day	Probably one of the greater creations by the engineer of the internet  Al Gore!	Its really great bro! I want to be a fighter pilot  but ended up in embedded system engineer   glad to be this way  but the passion servived  /M Jawed/	i receive most of my important news from people writing about it on Twitter	its cool to know what everybody is doing  Your friends  family and even celebs!	i like soo much:DDDDDD	Dear all friends together is wonderful	Insipid and pointless  How a service like twitter reached mainstream appeal is beyond me  I suppose everyone wants to star in their own one man movie	I appreciate Twitter for its brevity; I long for better stream management capabilities in the web client  Looking forward to experimenting with lists	activity and productivity are easily confused  one for the other	:) :) :) :) :)	itz really nice but d experience must go on    fabulous!!!!	Love the site and everithing inside it	Twitter is an amazing social network that allows you to express big ideas in small status updates	witter is a service for friends  family  and co workers to communicate and stay connected through the exchange of quick  frequent answers to one simple question	Twitter enables concise  focused commentary on matters that I identify with   I can interact with 100s in minutes   And they can Tweet back	best bits of facebook   keep up with your buddies  without the annoying apps	I just love as i get lots info & news from it  i can chat with celebs & i can share my views with others	Twitter is addictive  If you tweet all the time  your boss could read your profile and see that you tweet while at work  Go to settings and change your time zon	I love it! Its the perfect mix between IM  blogging and an online community  Its fast  in real time reactions and well  like i said: LOVE IT!	make friendship   love the selfhelping persons	i LuV it    make it easier to get maNy frieNds	Its a perfect sites for social networking  Having new interrelationship with different kinds of people	Twitter is new communication tool in this time  Are you going to still twit a year after? I wouldn t know	not as good as twitter because with twitter you can get more involved   :D	Too much noise at times (because I follow a bazillion people)  but its useful in its own right (and fun to boot)!	yea its good i like facebook	A POLITICIAN TURNED BANKER FROM KERALA	my friendship must forever	Its got some useful quick updates on stuff  Sometimes its too cluttered though	hmm not so gud not so bad	I like to live alone like to sing alone like to dream alone	Spread the word or just keep in touch!  Its like communication at warp speed  on your timeframe  without interruption  yet with direct penetration!	Love it!!The best way to establish relationships and share knowledge with people that work in same area	Try to make Friends on twitter	Twitter makes it easy to collaborate   How ever  dont like it as much as Facebook   All you basically do is post short status messages and thats it   Its Good	Twitter makes it easy to get short  to the point updates	make it easy to fly	twitter  great 4 messages	Best way to get updated on world affairs and friends!! Its fast and efficient  : )	hmmmm   so far so gud	make your life is easy   !!!!!!!	Easy to use and lets you easily know what other people are doing	Slow to warm up but now Im on it daily	him   hairy chested ! hha* :)	Best way 2 keep up w/  and get the correct info out of  the famous peoples own mouths  without any gossiping sites twisting everything and get it all incorrect	verry good this app iss	I am a new user! so I want to make friends with somebody!	Once we get past posting what we had for lunch  we will see the true power of Twitter   Its only just begun	twitter is the best way to quickly interact with people from all over the world and spread wether your thoughts  schedule  activities or news instantly	its good to talk to friends and talk to random ppl	really twitter is a good site to expressur views	I dont know  I have mixed feelings about Twitter  Its fun and stuff  but I dont like the hype around it	Great social media invention	New launch from Apps iphone games by mlab emantras com	Useful for when the other parts of the web fail such as email major sites etc  keep up to date with stuff including tv shows	i love the environment after rain	I get to follow my friends  and they get to follow me with only one post instead of separate emails or massages to each  We can always send DMs too  =D	There is no option for I dont understand it  but  really  I DONT UNDERSTAND IT! Why everyone is so obsessed with this twitter thing! :)	i love twitter lol	It takes sometime to get used to it  When you get it  you will love it  Short text + interaction + anywhere  make it so awesome!	I JUST SIGNED UP SO FAR IT LOOKS OKAY	hey guys! whats up!!!!	chocolates  songs   nothing  stinkey shoes	lovely platform  Looking forward more surprises	Its rad   nuff said  lulz	Communication brings us closer to one another	Bradley Langerman has a Twitter Account on twitter com	Before I thought it was chaotic  now I get more from what it has to offer to me	best thing on the internet	lets see         idont have much idea?	I Love it  it is sooooo awesome	hola mi facebook es jefersson1129@hotmail com o me encuentran por jefersson alexander mora dimate ok	hny lu yg gue cntai	i just love itttttt	just getting the hang of it  but it seems useful	Great way and useful tool	looks like twitter is experiencing another systemwide crash    thats a shame (	yeah  just when im learning how to do this	Love how easy it is to share links and information quickly	Love it & hootsuite   for sharing info to support small biz	I love Twitter  use it every day	I am glad for living simultanous so many existences	Interestingly enough  I see people pulling there phones out to tweet and sending phone calls directly to voice mail  Times certainly have changed yet again!	the only downside is the addited value	I dont miss a day without tweeting  its simply one of the best social networking sites	It doesnt matter if you like it or not     But youd better not ignore it	mom!!! i cant stop loving you luph you mom	fuck twitter  its addictive	Twitter is the best way to keep up to date with just about anyone  Post a comment  or a link to media  all in 140 characters or less! Wonderful!	hhmmm  awesome :D	ENJOYING THA LYFE GOD HAS GRANTED ME!!!	Whats not to like    game changing for anyone and any business	lm like twetter coz lm new join in twetter please help me? key?	I like Twitter  Such a significant blip  no?	twitters the new facebook	HARI yang sangat indah biLa dihiasi dgn CiNta	i like and new come to join Twitter	simplicity to teach and learn  nothing finer than knowledge	Hari ni indah kurasakn N sepertinya Dwi cinta saat ni sedang bersamaku	Amazingly simple with a million uses  but less downtime please twitter	There is nothing else on the planet that compares to twitter	ketika hujan akan turun membasahi bumi yang gersang itulah arti sebuah hidup untuk ku	There is nothing I love more than Tweetr!!! Why am I even writing this stupid thiing? :D	twitter iz tha bomb	Great for sharing links and the like	   having to ween myself from the draw of the Tweet!	dlalerlove it!!! the best  yes yes yesss!!!	as a new comer  jus comment nice	Jst hate the weather	I Love Twitter com	very handy  works with a lot of 3rd party services   Much more open than the likes of Facebook	As a business just started out on Twitter  I am trying to get the hang of it!  I would =D  if I had more followers : )	This saves me lot of time to search for tips over the internet! great!	Its interesting  but its a fad   I cant imagine how theyre going to make money with it  but they better find a way soon  because its lifespan is limited	fastest way to get news    may take some getting used to  but once you get the hang of it    outright addictive!	twitter is only OK in my eyes  Its the API that makes it better than it is	oks buangget dech	Twitter is so awesome  microblogging is changin the way we communicate each others  its great for persons and also for bussiness and marketing campaigns!	its ok in my eyes i just hate that u have to keep pressing home to c wat people said	For reeal  Happy New Year!	Thank you god (Allah)for helping the creators of twitter brining it to us Its a great way to share your thoughts!!!!!!!!!!!!	Im over twitter  Its gone from a social networking to an advertising/promotion platform	its Great but still needs more refinements  that aside i have learned a lot from fellow twitters  also acts as a great update forum for the blogs i follow	I love the strawberrys! NAKATA farm Japanese strawberry farmer  http://nakata ichigoen web officelive com/	Hope ill enjoy this	its a great tool when used in a way other than   eating a pack of M&Ms and such other style of pointless tweets!	Whats going on in the world by the second   genius!	i recieved many new things from it  noone can refuse its attraction	can stay connect to my friends	hey everybody twitter is all about having fan  cheers!	quick and easy  if you dont follow may people :)	Ive never really understood all the hype  but its really useful sometimes	its a great way to meet people and communicate with people far away	I mostly just use it to find cool stuff that other people have tweeted	love the cool weather	Its very nice way to connect our friends	Simply  the best social media rigth now	http;//www greensboro at best part is your link you get to put on twitter page	I like it  But I still like facebook  I use both for different things  Kind of hard to compare the two	guys i need sum fvr here! pls do vote for my bro song called build your world here http://singsingapore2010 nyc sg/ thanks	like it  ive just started using twitter	I finally get why it such a phenomenon  Just  still trying to figure out the fun of reading about people having lunch or breakfast	Somethin bout it is so addictive ;)	Twitter: what you do while competent people work	good way of broadcasting news about my company	hey guys finally i got the time to log on	Track fave info sources in one place	Faster  Better  Stronger XD	ahhh   kok gw yg kena marah cih	Twitter is an Excellent tool to help you keep in touch and up to date with the world today!!	How bout them cow boys !!!!!!!!!!	Spend pretty much every waking hour on this site and have learnt so much from people on it	honestly? its stupid  you can do the same thing on facebook  and more  but then again  i dont have that many friends on twitter  so its no fun	I LOVE ALL TWITTER FRIENDS	this is my first time on twitter but my friends say its a good place too catch up with old friends or old girlfriends  :o :(	Twitter easily posts to other aps  I dont like having to conform my other social site entries to fit the size of a tweet so it can be shared with each one	Twitter the Town Cryer of our generation  Love it!	rather interesting + way cool!!!	I have a love/hate relationship with twitter  Love the idea; hate feeling having another thing to keep up with  Prefer individuals vs high vol blogs/news	I  JUST CREATED TWITTER TODAY BUT I LYK IT ALREADY	just amazing    funny	It is the most powerful tool never invented!	now i can chirp as much as I want!	The one and only! If you are on twitter you need no facebook	im addicted to tweet all day  good sign  :D	i just created twitter very excited	A great service  only mired by spam and celebrity   but hey  this *is* the internet	For all the reasons explained :)  best social community ever   best place for news   best   best and SIMPLY THE BEST :)	Proprietary crap  kill it with fire! Featureless and dry  especially with its lack of threaded and  contextual conversations	kind of new cos just joined             kind of love it	 Attention Okla  City  Lawton  Tulsa  and surrounding cities      Calling all saints  and worshipers   have  you ever been part of  something bigger  and grea	I have not got the chance to use it  hope to use it more often soon	kind cuz i just join try to work things out	I like this kinda free style~	Lovin it  Great tool for information  contact mangement and more	needs some getting used to before you can actually rate    ive used for an year     its great	Twitter Is The Opium Of The Masses	WHERE I INTEND TO MEET PEOPLE WHO ARE BETTER THAN ME  PROFESSIONALLY  AND WILL TEACH  ME WHAT I DONT KNW YET	Only Bill Gates on twitter     mrrrfff	So Opium & Love (backwards)	Addicted to it? Maybe  I really love using it as a communication tool  Saves money on txt messages in my case  too! :)	Useful for keeping up to date with news and subjects of interest  e g  film notifications  However  Im not keen on the personal tweets	I am a new twitterer and I find it cool	Its a modern way of communicating	i love twitter because it keep me posted on what is going on in the world and i learn a lot	Just started using it  Dont see much need now that facebook has gone mobile	Twitter makes blogging easy and quick  I love it for its simplicity and design and all of the latest news you can find via Trendy Topics!	I wanT A perfEcT SouL	i love twitter! www wildriverreview com	Well  this my very first time geting on this site   =) chat with me  !!!!!!! PERHAPS? get to know me !?	http://masalapics youtube hotvideos blogspot com	I use it to find interesting news topics in real time	Well organize  fast  easy and available All people !	Absolute toppers  Easy to use  easy to understand  Ill go for it	Im going 2 launch an entire learning series on #twitter 4 those hu wish 2 learn #training  Testing completed; Course 2 commence shortly	One of my favorite communication tools	I care about it to the extent I can use it to get work! not sure where its headed but right now seems significant	Almost overnight became an absolutely essential communication and news tool  hope they find a revenue model soon	first i thought its way overrated but somehow became necessary	bothers me sometimes   Others its kinda fun   Needs a facelift	Im just new on twitter so dont rly know i like it or not	Made some great friends  Downtime is annoying	Nothing amazing  but its a decent idea in todays fast moving Internet driven world  although it is used for entirely the wrong purpose much of the time	itis peri sae	VIRTUAL THOUGHT TRANSFORMED IN REAL TIME  EVILTV	I Love Twitter! Twitter is the best micro blogging website! With all the things you need! : )	Its really fun 2 connect wit others and make friends	It introduces functionality like blocking that make it a bad alternative for real world social contacts  It is the wrong way of solving problems with others	MencAri cinta sjati	Twitter in principle might be more interesting than Twitter in practice; plus whats with the 140 character limit ;)?	want to know more about accountability of central minister	That is popular  but Identi ca is really better	here for networking & positive friends	fast  easy  stateoftheart  turboschnell	Twitter is really the best! Love it! =D	just want 2 know can i borrow a million ill pay ya backboom60b	It is evil in sense  but God its addicting ;)	 Twitter is the best love it !!!!	I do Love use Twitter	It can be informative and an eyesore both at same time  Just it depends who you are following	Twitter is more for functionality than social networking  in my opinion	twitter makes me better	Ambient Intimacy at its best  The only platform to accommodate the inanities of life we feel compelled to share	fast and simple  very good!!	just getting into it  not many peeps i no hav 1	I just love it  its nice	Great for mobile devices  not so cool on the desktop	estou muito feliz	el balor q tenemos delante de dios es lo q nos db dar fuersa para segir adelante	Just one simple question What are you doing? and I am still answering that question with joy and fun	I can write a blog or post a video and a status update and connect with other webpages instantly  Who wouldnt love that?	A great way to pass on information and let people know what you are up to	im amazed at the growth  success and real time applications of this micro blogging theme	Twitter is a great connector	Hi  World !  I am in twitter! Its just amazing  Every one come to http://www rollshop co il	Not a pro yet but it serves as an amazing feed from capitol hill!	Is Very Useful To Stay in touch!  with the Social Media ;)	i really love twitter	Fun to share great little status messages when youre on the go so you dont have to type out a huge status  Great for people who text  I reccomend it strongly	Love it still learning to use it	China Electronics Wholesaler   Below Wholesale Electronics http://www epathchina com/	Shainex Packers and Movers Relocation Services India professional Services Provides  Packers and Movers / Relocation Services Loading UN Loading Packing UN Pack	i use it like an rss feed  news come here	Mmmm   am a Facebook tragic  not so sure about Twitter!	tis vry nice	I use it occasionally  but not very useful for me personally  I like reading tweets from people and organizations Im interested in	twitter is better than facebook	I am thrilled to read updates from my fave celebs  but thats it  :( Just doesnt work for me	im new start join	where would I be without twitter? I dunno really!	Love the conversations in realtime  In that sense  is better than Facebook	i wanna enjoy the strategies of this account	I use it daily :)	This is simple messaging  Can be useful for posting announcements  As for me  i not see much point in using this service as individual	Have a beautiful day Steve   Good to see learning  Tina Manhattan Beach Resident	jadikanlah hdpmu lebih berharga dr apaun frend	I like twitter  If u want to make money just advertise on twitter http://eCa sh/CC8f	twitter is cool but i dont understand how you make money on it   HELP!	well my name is Heather Im 33 today is my1st day Ill see whats Its like honey	Twitter is just awesome  Its the sublime form of internet messages	Twitter is the best social networking tool at the moment	http://www youtube com/watch?v=QkuntgxP3TU twitter is boring	deepak jha delhi	Once you got the idea  youd love it  I did quit twice  But it was worth it  http://twitter com/tanapon	tamu junto novamente	Its ok  I love the links online sites have to Twitter and links to post back to FB  Only wish my FB status updates can be link back to Twitter  That app got :(	Recent newbie  starting to get drawn into the big black time eating hole they call Tweeting	quick check news  both can & am [incl clips]   latest craft tutes	Love having information pushed my way that I may not find on my own; meet people I wouldnt meet; share beyond my normal boundaries  Great!	its best 4 social interaction	Twitter is hot to go to and see what is now on twitter	A whole extra 20 characters  Whatever shall I do with them? :) As Ive read that no one is reading my tweets  it doesnt matter what I say here	A great social communication service	IS TOYOTA MOTOR SALES KEEPING SECRETS?  Why has the Managing Counsel of Legal & Corporate Responsibility from Toyota Motor Sales  U S A   Inc  sent threatenin	like it but dont think it brings a lot of value to SMEs	 Check out my new profile    Ive made a few changes recently and wanted to get in touch and let you know  When you get a chance  send me an update  It would b	nice twitter guide	Twitter is a good connector	What an Excellent starter course for all  even those with more experience can use this  Its the best Ive found to send friends interested in Twitter  TY!	all people hate me  because I am TRASH	Great resource for trading information in any niche community; though the aspect of insignificant chatter from many users can annoy me	Use it everyday  love Twitter!	Useful  simple  open  Love it	As far me using Buzz  I think it will have to be able to do and show a lot more for me to get excited over	Ive just started using twitter  Ive had for quite a while and didnt use much  until I began posting to plurk  Then plurk immediately posts to twitter	The best idea since Google! Love the ease of it and good to update your status and let your friends know	ohh mah god	I have been Twitter user since its very first days  when it was just a side project of Odeo in 2006 Now I really like it well I do miss the free sms capabilitie	Instantly connect and plenty of tools to help you out (desktop apps  backgrounds  directories) makes Twitter fun!	entertaining    but unless i am paying close attention  i miss a lot of info people are sharing   if anyone ever had anything important to say  i might miss it	by itself? great! but it could benefit from a few features  such as muting	im the new viewer of this site	watch free movies on movies links cc :)	Twitter is an objective proof that the world is flat  Few words  learning to get to the point	I loved to be on twitter and amazingly connected with all my friends   Its worth it !	Twitter is likable but you dont get addicted like you do on facebook	Tiger Woods ve http://organizebrnckvvtmllttrhaberi blogspot com/ birarada	If youre in it  you wont want out	Love twitter  but only to enforce your business network  Dont twitter about personal things nobodys interested in  Twitter = business	I just love it :)	Cool but its only a matter of days before Facebook steals all its users	Twitter is the best way to connect with people who share your interests  If youre a marketer  its a huge opportunity to connect with your customers	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	the best social network tool	this is the best way to always keep in touch with my honey	twitter twitter twitter!!!! : )	Your turn to cook tonight? Need Ideas? We are here to help!! King Ranch Casserole  Revenge is a Dish Best    www localsarasota com/pages/Recipes	Its the best way to share with the world!	meeing new friends and learning new things everyday	like music for my world	I can tweet all day    lol gotta watch myself sometimes    lol	meu vicio  minimalista e de alto poder de fogo	wog won pepz bord as fo im up befor a jug in 20mins	Twitter is terrific for keeping your finger on the pulse of your social network and keeping connections alive with small investments	i really do love it because i can really keep intouch with all of my friends and familly	First I didnt understand it  Now  it is an essential communication tool I use on regular basis	im sat neeer sum f*kin dick	Its useful   or everyone uses it   but REALLY needs a way to weed out the spammers and bots	Good because it is so simple and the open to hacking with its API	COME ON MADISON ANSWER THE RADIO  TELEPHONE	i find so many things via twitter its astounding  apps  legal stuff  hilarious videos local events  even friends	Its surprisingly useful after it took off and got more people using it	I love the fact that you can have instantaneous knowledge about other people  and what they have to say  It has a lot of potential	Love the simplicity and the ability to connect with people with common interests nearby and around the world	Some think twitter reflects the lesser qualities of our culture  Like vanity  But twitter is a mere soapbox  There is actually a LOT of good content on twitter!	Its a great way to communicate with SHORT messages to a vast audience	My favorite way to share my thoughts in 140 characters or less  Lots of great content and networking  too!	Tendulkar is very great personality &such abig guy	Simply the best social network	I tweet often  But until Buzz I didnt get much comments from my friends  Twitter does not handle (display) well the replies I think  Now I prefer Buzz	I am not a fan of twitter  I have better things to do than stay updated on what celebs and other ppl are doing  Not my cup of tea	ya mudah   mudahan bermanfaat    ambil segi positifnya aja    ; )	Twitter appears inestimable!	likes to talk to de brods	i love my wife neetah b	A site with a simple layout that could take your boredom away  as long as you follow the right people	People who say they dislike or hate twitter are either scared by it or dont really know about it!!!	Fantastic system to stay in touch with friends    and follow ppl  jus awesome	TO THE UCVHOST COM:  I WANT MY MONEY BACK i bought vps lite from you but it is very very slow  ip is 174 36 167 86  nothing can be done it  i have anothe	Communications without the cruft  Quick and simple  just how it should be	my mind is on net  thanks twitter	humm gona check it out too lol	A great way to quickly keep up with the world	good  but    i dont know    lack of functionalities?	It is very good  but I dont like short urls and I think the character limit should be a little higher	its gr8 sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good theres loads of stuff to do and its fun	ya i lil bit love it :P	I love it!!!!! love love love!!!!	like it but love is a little strong	Follow the right people and be amazed about the amount of valuable work related information youll get	Twitter for me is a fab way to make the change! Im helping find Madeleine McCann! ~ Follow me & Ill Follow You Back at: http://twitter com/PrayMaddyMcCann	Hot sexy girl Viet Nam Show hang tu suong  scandal sock 9x http://www anchoi8x co cc	i love to be on twitter  I can find my friends	Twitter is good for posting small tweets and the update time is really fast	i luv luv luv twitter    i feel so loved here like i have know all these people all my life  keeps me informed and updated with happenings in the world  <33	kenapa hidup harus selalu da kesedihan yg d sebabkan cinta	never again gotta ask any of my friends what theyre doing haha	soo funny !! :)	Good Idea for My Twitter Account	hi  I am a Chinese man who want to find a friend outside China and communicate with me	oh my fecking god  best thing ever  i am truely addicted  :)	Im a Chinese  i want to make friends with every contries!	Very good  but some more improvements and new stuff sure wouldnt do bad	I think its a great RSS reader and I can also keep in touch with other people easily	I could use a bit more organization like Buzz	compact service  Good API  I like things like retweet  following without any confirmation  lists	hai guyz lyk 2 b with u	It has to be one of my favorite applications ever  Its having a real impact on our social media   We love it!	Not bad  A difference maker	Shahrukhs performance in My name is Khan is good over all the performances of all the actors Good going SRK	HOOA COMO ESTAN	I like it  wish it was easier to upload pictures	twitter is the pioneer of sms social networking  but unfortunately the server gets overloaded very often	twitter is good to update your status & what in your mind and write anything in 140 character    very simple solution	twitter is the best way to connect to your friends	I like to read some posts  but some people who use this service are so conceited	Have a nice day to all!!! Godbless	one of the greatest concepts evr	Twitter! The best service ever  TWITTER FTW!	good!i can follow how to doing something buisness  also share ideas and others	Social Bookmarking http://www kleiner eumel de mit Follow Links	I can learn from people I admire and respect by following them   For me  its a great learning tool	i love this site since i made my account it keeps me in touch with my friends and celebs	just get try it first time	Great site but can get a bit busy	Very good service that I use mainly to access news and tech feeds in real time   The lists feature is an extra bonus	love it twitter =)	Not using it much currently  but its good for all sorts of things	Great aggregator of real time information and news	It is great in theory but in unless your a celebrity its losing its impact because of spammers/ finance people/ and most peopple posting our marketing people an	Great for news feed or following coverage of an event or topic  The day to day twitter use is what I do but I must admit stupid very stupid	hey dumb pepople you stink	Twitter is my favorite social networking site! Ever	I really want to see how the twitter geo tagging location function will work and how compatible it will be with other location based services	registracija vozila na http://www registracija vozila rs i kasko osiguranje na http://www kasko osiguranje rs Kaklulator na http://www registracija vozila rs	Twitter is a wonderful online social communication network not to mention that it is FREE  I Tweeted even before they became famous and will do so for ever! SOS	even though i havent checked it out but still ya get that XD	One of the greatest think tank in the world	bagus  tapi tidak terlalu sering kugunakan	Very nice  gets the job done when it comes to getting the word out   How fun it is also really depends on who you follow   Open APIs is excellent too	one of the best social media tools available  It helps in keeping things short and to the point  api integration at various levels is awesome	the easiest and friendliest social website on the internet today	Its not easy to describe it but really I cant open firefox without opening twitter tab  it became of primary websites I open daily  #thankstwitter4	a way better than messy facebook	fastest way to share ideas  communicate with people and keep in touch with news :D	estou na escolaa =( Afff queria estar em casa   SAKOKAPOSK	Twitter can be your life or you can be Twitters   Its your choice!	ITs cool and fun claudiajsolis	great: bring me closer to cellybrity	Still not used to why its so cool but Im getting there each day  Its more useful then I thought	heloo my name  jack hhhh  oooo woiqwp	I am #twitaddicted! Too many tweets  so little time! This is truly one of the most remarkable examples of web/social media innovation of our time!	I find it actually dumb  why does everyone need to know what youre doing?	please check out http://www derrickanders com	it help me to expand my business	I can Tweet and Tweet to my followers all over the world  Check my followers & Earn From you twee	I love to twit twit twit	which keeps me with latest trend	I love so much twittttterrr	Is fast  is simple for all people and all languages  is OK for a rapid comunication! Its efficient   a very good social media!! Dott  Marco Cosimi	It keep me up with da latest story around the globle	The best way to stay close to your customers	just really started	Twitter is a great system  not going to cheat it of that  But the simple fact is that I dont use it anymore  I actually deleted my account	i neither like nor dislike  im neutral  plus  Im not allowed to have one   not that i want it or anything    ^_^ im good with blogs  thank you	LOVE U MY TWEETY TWITTER	Como el SMS pero mundial  gratuito y con seguidores  Listas  filtros  hashtags  Una red social de por vida	http://himshilp com/seo articles/suggestions while working with seo company htm		
337861	Feature packed yet feels lightweight  Beautiful app from Seesmic	this is promising  yet the preview is buggy    id stick to thwirl for now	on the way to awesome ness	Awesome program  just needs identi ca and friendfeed for me to fully embrace it	I chose Seesmic especially for its powerful multiple account management  Great tool!	awesome for tweeting! Lives happily in the background without making me feel smothered with tweets  Icon could NOT be cuter!	I like it but I like TweetDeck more	I like the Tweetdeck interface much better  Seesmic seems to be more fit for widescreen monitors  not for my netbook	nothing new  and the predecessor twirl actually does useful stuff like identi ca	The best app to Tweet	Probably the best desktop twitter app	Potentially a very good app   But it needs FriendFeed support for me and needs to do a far better job at it than Twhirl ever did	A great desktop Twitter app   TweetDeck is also awesome	Ive been using Seesmic for a few weeks now and I like it  but I dont love it yet	I tried Seesmic Desktop back in the day before their updates   Then I switched to Tweetdeck   feature packed!  But the new Seesmic tops even Tweetdeck!	I like it OK   Sometimes I like tweetdeck better  Looking forward to it growing up a bit more	I used to tweet with tweetdeck and i agree the fact that its feature packed  But I feel usability wise seesmic is a nice app to use	way better than tweetdeck  tho cant figure out userlists or follow/unfollow & when i right click links everything says > null	Excellent Twitter desktop app	installation=superquick  usabiltity / usefulness =excellent  ui design = ok	A great desktop app for Twitter  Ive found myself using it more since their most recent update	Its great for following multiple Twitter searches and the integration with FaceBook is decent   It doesnt seem to be as much of a memory hog as TweetDeck	Not thrilled with it   Only feature that beats tweetdeck is facebook replies and thats not enough	Handles multiple Twitter accounts so well and allows Userlists too   essential! This is a really nice app! Full marks!	It support Chinese input	Love the Facebook integration and ability to manage multiple Twitter accounts	Love the Facebook integration and ability to manage multiple Twitter accounts	Getting better all the time	Love it   great app   The Facebook integration is the best!	Awesome  awesome  awesome	not perfect by an means   but better than tweetdeck	I was using v 0 3 & that worked great! v0 4 (on 2 PCs) runs really slow! Cant seem to get it to work properly	Seesmic  seems more stable than Tweetdeck  Let me clarify   more stable on my linuxbox	Seesmic is gradually getting to be a good app for managing multiple (4 6) twitter accounts	Great app  but it lacks the slick design of tweetdeck	manages multiple twitter accounts (and facebook) and makes sorting out good info easy	Cool app  a little squashed but gets the job done	Better than destroy twitter  easy to use and sleek design  Also helps that you can update Facebook using it	I like it   all my Twitter accounts + facebook in onw place  Similar 2 twitterdeck  but no video	The cool functionality for Seesmic video makes u expect a lot  which this desktop app fails to deliver	Tries its best to do what it does  but I think it needs MOAR work	quite easy and nice!	Really good! Very versatile!	Same UI like Tweetdeck but I still prefer Seesmic for its better management system Kinda easy	No black background! It comes on too hard  Seesmic is mild and nice	Emm  too many cons  Only supports Twitter (no other social networks) and the interface hides the columns you load with a HUGE scroll bar	I love Seesmic  its great because they now bought Ping fm  so hopefully they will support FreezeCrowd someday!	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is		
336650	use it everyday its sooo awesome! use it to stay in touch with my friends	A place where all those classmates you hoped youd never hear from again hunt you down and slowly drive you mad with a barrage of annoying apps and campaigns	Awesome way to connect with your friends around the world	Check it almost everyday and I love how easy it is to find people you havent connected with in years	Si  ok  anche io ho un account FB  ma ci sono implicazioni politiche poco apprezzabili e gestione del copyright da ladri	A vast social network with many great tools for sharing and communicating with friends  Innovative  with facebook connect  Can be overwhelming to new people	With more friends joining in its the best place on the web;)	Adding a professional face to the social abilities of myspace  Facebook has become my social platform of choice	I have a love/hate relationship with Facebook  I really do love the utility it provides  but hate that it demands so much of my time  Curse you  Zuckerberg!	As much as I like its utility  I am also often furious at it for its shortcomings	I tried it and it just didnt appeal to me  Felt too bare and strange	Kinda sad  I hardly even scan the actual news for headlines anymore since my friends status updates keep me in the loop  Its a great way to stay connected	So now you can spend two hours a day on 100 meaningless relationships instead of four real ones   Waste of time  share pictures on flickr instead	specially like its games :D	i dont like that people from high school can find me  im not in contact with those people for a reason	nice way to keep track of friends  but information overload is one of its cons	Communicate in a professional way & can get the world wide open	Makes keeping track with friends and family as easy as logging on    and keeps out all that unwanted CSS that Myspace lets through! ;)	Giant and Lovely Social network ever and ever !	A good web app with plenty of features  One of the few that doesnt cater only to singles	how cant you love this fabulous website with so many great applications   I never get tired of using it	Very cool application   I see it becoming more useful as technologies converge over the next decade	Facebook is evil  Have you read their terms of service? You have a facebook account they pwn your content	I was resistant  I am now converted  Perfect? No  But useful and well  kinda fun	Cleaner than MySpace  All of the options and services and such are a bit daunting  Learning the ins and outs is difficult  considering the help is lackluster	Very clean look  My choice of social network  Sure  they could use some work (why dont they have anything to compete with Myspace Music yet?)  but still good	As an ex pat living in the U S   I love keeping up with my family and friends in Canada through Facebook	why worry about being spied on and stalked  if we live our lives publicly? it must be that we have unbounded faith in humanity	I was skeptical  but the site is really useful for keeping up with people   It has its annoyances  but its worth it	Great service that has allowed me to re connect with old friends and keep up with everyones lives  Sharing photos and links and stories   its a great site!	I still cant figure out why people love this service so much   It seems so static to me	More useful than I thought it would be  Its not digital crack for me like it is for others  but its certainly changed interactions with my social circle	entirely too addicting  a little too highschool  but has me completely hooked nonetheless	Very nice social service	I have way too much fun on Facebook  If I had to choose only one site to visit from here on out  Facebook would be it	Not too fond of many of the so called games but searching for friends  posting pictures  links and notes  all the social stuff is great fun	Best social network	alternately wonderful and annoying as hell	One of my favorite sites   New Twitter like features will be incredibly addictive	Indispensable tool to keep me up to date on what my friends are up to  especially those overseas	Great site for staying connected with friends  Status updates and photo sharing are key to its success	An ALL IN web app  Whats more than that? Just Love It!!!	How could i not love it? I write www facereviews com the platform rolls on to world dominance with 175 million users  woot!	not addicted  but its good   getting sticky enough to stop fickle users moving on	I wanted to choose dislike    but almost everyone I know is on there  and I cant change that  So Ive learned to like it  lol	someone poked you and all that jazz  for sad girlies in an office	Despite their privacy thingey  this is an overall good app to stay connected	I rarely use it now  too busy on FriendFeed and Twitter but its an OK service   I can catch up with my real life friends with FB	I just dont get it as Im probably less keen on networking with people from my past that I dont want to meet again Unintuitive interface	A simple yet elegant way to keep in touch with friends and family	Great for keeping in touch	I used to love it  now it becomes closer facespace every day  But it is the easiest way to keep in contact with far away friends	I want to love it  but I cant! I dont wanna discover another money making scheme from Facebook involving my personal data!	Facebook Rocks as one of the essential Social Sites   Blip is awesome as http://www facebook com/profile php?id=1107494004#/profile php?id=1107494004&ref=profi	It helps me to connect with friends (old & new) worldwide and let me share stuff with them  I LOVE YOU  Facebook	i use it   but i sort of hate it at the same time; the apps are SO anoying	Like the games you can play    and that I had the change of meeting my sister in law on Facebook    (and she will move to the netherlands very soon)	cancer of the internet  officially uncool from 2009 onwards	Decent way to get contact information for old friends  but actively using it is a pain	Great way to communicate  stay in touch with people far away from you and a good entertainment when you have no idea what to do !	Facebook is a great tool for professional and personal contact management to keep up with people	what can i say fb is just another addiction to add to the list   i just cant get enuff  :)	the new design is geniunly poor  If it not fixed soon I cant see any use for FB If I simply want to see status updates only then surely I can just use Twitter	I still use it of course  but man am I spending a lot of time on Twitter these days  Twitter Search  I might add	I like application and advertising  platforms	I hate the new design but I like keeping in touch with my friends	Facebook is where I have most of my contacts and friends  in Italy there was kind of Facebookmania in the last months	yes i lke this network	I like! Is very ok for keep me in contact with my friends  Very complete application	Still getting used to the new design but have really enjoyed reconnecting with old friends	Its novelty has worn off about 6 months ago  but it still serves a purpose  Good for networking and connecting w/ old friends	One of my most used social networking sites along with Plurk!	Interface needs a major overhaul  *way* too mixed up	For what it is  I think it is the best of its kind  I personally dont like these types of things though	its fine but Combine features of Facebook   Orkut  Diigo   Plurks Time View would be better   Sounds weird   well thats me  and my choice :P	Facebook itself is okay  what makes it great is the size of its universe	I used to love Facebook  but the CEO is pissing me off  The sites layout is failing miserably and he doesnt care   Im definitely leaving the site	many benefits and feature that other social networking dont have	Changes how human connects with each other	Not sure about this latest version but its still much better looking than MySpace and more purposeful than Twitter	Meh   Twitter is better	Dont like it near as much as I like Myspace  but its still good	It is much better than Myspace or bebo or any other networking site  it is much cleaner and easier to use	Who doesnt like Facebook ?? Isnt everyone on it no matter if you like it or not ?	the Myspace for mature people	I dont mind facebook  Its good for keeping up to date with close friends  Bad because you get bombarded by stupid applications and people you dont like	the place to update people i actually know	Ive never been closer to the people who are important to me since starting on Facebook! Im also able help promote my website http://www imindlive com aswhile	virtually hanging out with friends	Used to love it  but with all the changes  Im liking it less and less	its pretty good for what it is  not worth loving	Facebook is frustrating  you get lots of people trying to connect that you dont want  too many annoying apps and I dont like the look  :(	Wasting too much time with Facebook friends leaves you too few time for your real friends	Woop woop!  Zuckerberg  bit of a dick sometimes  but he made a good product  Go pay the people you screwed Mark  then well be all good!	It has its uses  but comes with WAY too much rubbish	helps me keep in touch with my whole family  and let them know what I do professionally	Social games and streams distracting and annoying but keeps track of contacts pretty well	Great social network for keeping up with everyone from long lost friends to coworkers and family    who am I kidding? I live on it	I love it! Ive reconnected with so many friends Id lost touch with over th yrs not to mention Ive made new friends 2 http://eBizznessBasics com/siteblog/	It sucks if your trying to promote a band Not an effective use of time and resources  Its to easy to get kicked out  even unintentionally for trying to recru	The best major Social Site hands down	i liked it more at first    i miss the simple interface & college only network (much more useful to find people in classes  etc)	great social site with tons of great apps	The best way to keep in touch with your friends	I like it  but I dont like the latest versions as much  It just seems like a long summary now rather than collage	If your into stalking and wasting your time  this website is for you  If your cool  have a sense in style  and actually have friends  myspace is for you	I think its losing its luster in recent months  but is still pretty cool for staying in touch with those you otherwise would have long forgotten	Facebook is ok  Too many apps out there for my taste	People talk about privacy concerns all the time  but Facebook is easily the worst thing to happen to digital privacy in the history of the net  Its simply awfu	I like Multiply better because of all of the tools  but so many people are on facebook  im kind of stuck with it	not perfect  but pretty damn good at what it does	nice and new website publishing feeling i had when creating a blog with a unique web domain name to your own blog  Cool book it is	The best home for all things social networking!	A great way to stay in touch with friends and family in this fast paced world	i wanted to thank one American girl thanks to whom I became a Facebook user more than two years ago!:) I really like this social community cus its useful:D	Total privacy  i can bring all my family inside! The best social network online today!	facebook is good for getting in touch with your old friends  classmates  coworkers  and family   thats about it   IMHO	Im hooked   Its nice to have one place to keep up with old friends from different periods in my life	too much blah  blah; confusing too	love love love  its connected me with people from my past that i can know pursue sexually cause they are in unhappy relationships & need to know they still goti	Inspiring! Refreshing! Memorable! You go  Susan!  WOW!	Its a great way of keeping track of what friends and acquaintances are doing  but at the expense of a multitude of really crappy apps inside	One of my favourite web 2 0 apps enough said	while I was an early adopter of myspace  I found that from a usability POV Facebook was better  From a customisation stance  I still prefer Myspace	They won the race   usability and adoption of peers is the key	Clean  usable  best Social Networking site	Great way to stay connected with friends	The biggest thing since Google  Makes staying in touch unavoidable and has removed the anonymity of the internet  Put crap like MySpace to shame	A constant source of poking and hassle  And its run by neocon rich kids and funded by the CIA    Youve got to be on it though   its like not having email	Bored of it  Only check it because I have to  Ive moved on to other social networking sites  You should too	its new river info is too much	so user friendly and love the threads and feeds!	Great tool for keeping in touch with personal friends as well as certain business contacts	Not the end all be all of social networks that its sometimes claimed to be  but still useful for keeping tabs on distant acquaintances	Its a great way to keep up with friends  and find old friends you forgot you had	Faebook has changed my business forever! Wonderful	Its the window to the New Millinium! http://www erskien blogspot com	Has been a great way to keep in touch with friends and family while overseas	I actually think the navigation is horrible  Its incredibly hard to get around  Hate the apps  Im on it just because my friends are	For some reason I dont like it very much  I prefer Twitter and Friendfeed  I know a lot of people that love it so Ill keep it at a I like it	Great community for my personal persona!	Great for business  but also indebted to it for helping me connect with family better	Great for reconnecting with old friends	I did love facebook  but its getting a little bit old now? Fed up of too many ppl keeping tabs of me off work sick were you? Then why were you on facebook?	I like it but I dont know why  the features and site layout arent intuitive for me	I absolutely HATE how rigid and sterile this site it   whats the point in a social network if you cant personalize?	much better than myspace	great way to stay connected with friends and family  but using it less and less	One of the best social networking sites on the planet! A nice way to stay connected with your friends world over & has many innovative apps & features	Took some getting used to it  but FB integrates well with many other social web apps  My status from twitter gets dumped to FB  for instance	Sorry  but I hate FB  I use it only to see pics of my brother :)	impossible to live without  but draining at times!	Best social network	Never has the phrase a necessary evil been more appropriate	Awesome   Got me social	i am sure its going to be great as long as it doesnt get out of hand  as always   too much of any good thing will surely have its repercussions :P	i love it! cant wait to see how social ads are monetized correctly	#1 social network :D	facebook is not reliable enough  Always the needless tweaking of the interface and the distractions  I keep my account for a great palm app and phonebook	I am really enjoying keeping in touch with people on Facebook	facebook is economical  friendly  and safe or all users  This is why i enjoy using facebook daily	its ok  but getting extremely tired of all this quizzes  Can people either stop taking them or give us a chance to block ALL quizzes and not just 1 specific!!	It`s great for real life contacts	Amazing micro blogging app!!!	Great social network	I used to love it  until all the send me this and super throw that started  Now it just seems like more games and ads than anything else	Facebook is quite addicting  Very personal way to keep up with treasure friends and family  far and near  without being stuck on the tele all the time	Dont like there corporate attitude  ruins counter to polite world wide web	i have a facebook account    Its funny if i dont like it;p	more words than twitter and just as good	visit bestmarketproducts blogspot com you fell better	its politically correct  so i dont love it	i used to love it  now its BORING!	Its too personal dont like it   check out TheHotSpotGuide com	Im not into social networks  but Facebook is relatively least annoying so far	This is fucking communication itself  Closeness in this chaotic world  YEAH!!!	WAOO COOL xXD	Definitely beats MySpace  Way easier to find friends and communicate	I couldnt go without it  But its really beginning to stagnate  Needs more inovation in my book	Waiting for proper etiquette to emerge; if you dont know someone well  then dont send a friend request!	With only two main options available to communicate with friends online  Facebook makes the task at hand effortless  Myspace was the past  switch to Facebook!	an effective and simple way to keep up with everyone without suffering through talking to them  :)	There isnt much to do and not many of my friends have it	proper boschti lyk	almost everyone I know has it; amazing way to communicate	too over involved and complex  Twitter is much simpler  but allows for so much more  with things like 3rd party apps	Its a tolerably entertaining communication tool  Far preferrable to MySpace	I just wish They would leave it well enough alone  I still cant find my Pages  I use it for biz  and keeping up with some friends  Otherwise  its a toilet	Got tired of it long ago  Didnt go as far as delete my account though	http://www blippr com/books/home	I must follow people that follows me    thats not fun	This is my first review  so i cont give any idia now	Wow  just found friends that I lost out of sight years ago : )	Good to communicate and know the reality of world	I love it but the old version right before they updated this latest version was soooo much better and easier to navigate around	Not user friendly  I dont enjoy it at all	Best social network site! Luv the quizzes  classmate reunions	Great social network  large user community and Facebook Connect for websites is a great feature for fast account registration and advertising :D	Woot  Bye  bye Myspace	Good for connecting with people you may not otherwise keep in touch with  But bloated  applications are unstable  chat is rarely working   too much like myspace	Its a great medium  if used properly and with purpose!	It used to be better & is now overcrowded with useless apps but a great way to keep in touch with friends and share photos	Best social network site! Luv the quizzes  classmate reunions	Its a good social network	needs to fix their bugs but its the best social network out here	Im looking for friends and relatives not seen in years My maiden name was Graham and I was married to Charles Atchley	Just testing this service out  I find Facebook to be the best social networking site out there right now	Hey Joy  I am on facebook Let me know if you get this     Dad	having a little fun on it	Why does everyone Ive ever spoken to wan to be my friend?	Have been a fan for years  My favorite full profile social service  The networks help you create meaningful connections  Integrates tons of ways to share media	Facebook just doesnt make sense to me	Facebook is showing the world how to do it	Im absolutely hooked on their new UNO card game!!	It is dumb and it is dangerous  I dont know why people love facebook	the biggest social net ever  I guess  thanks  the creator	well  its not that intristing as people say!!!!	I love You God    Gos is my Livee!!!	it was coller  but now its just fine  I like it	haha can u really live without it??	Die MySpace Die!	the best  the ads arent that bad either  they are tolerable  not like myspace where they are EVERYWHERE	still looks pretty spammy to me  usability of the german version is crap in my opinion	I will always be loyal to facebook	greatly improved as of late with like/dislike and comment on status features   beginning to move towards making quicker  more twitterlike interactions possible	I just dont like it  I mean  its  meh	i like this bcz it is new site	i like it because its look good	FB is a great way to re connect with people   only to be reminded why you lost contact in the first place  Annoying quizzes  games  and polls spoil it	i still love it its like my little online home :D	makes the world feel smaller	waiting for the new privacy option so u can follow ppl like twitter and also u can tweet for group of ppl only it will be fine if they activate this option	Disapointed    Funny for few months  then you realize all is happening is stupid quizzes  But its kind of an obligation to be there	Its good fun :)	A good social network unfortunately being abused for spam and irritating apps  Still one of the best ways to share any kind of media you like	I like it  but you should take steps to safeguard your privacy	Nice layout  simple and clean   Good for keeping in touch with people and sharing media   Too many ads in my opinion  but its okay	Too much better and safe	I love it keep up the good work	It is only good because everybody is on it  Thats also why it sucks  And dont get me started on their privacy policy	i like to share on facebook	Great way to stay connected with people   especially those who live far away	Better than any other social network	Its convenient and useful in many ways  Im not quite sure what Id do without it	They are innovators at facebook   but there is room for improvement here	easy to keep in touch and keep track of everyone  Love it!	easy to keep in touch and keep track of everyone	I feel its different and hopefully I wont get kicked off  like facebook  I created a host of family and friends and now I cant get in touch anymore?	i like it but friendfeed takes more time of me in these days	I love Facebook because so many friends of mine are there  And foto updates are visible directly on Facebook whereas Twitter shows only the link to Twitpic	i need access to my facebook page im at work n no access to that page help me	The best of the social networking sites  Comprehensive and customizable without being flashy and obtrusive	I think is one of the best things I can see that allows people to communicate  have fun with each other  I love it!	hidup ku untuk cinta	i love my life     why ???i no know why ????really	I luv my family yes	Great! Simply great	i just love it very much	Better than My space and all other social Networks in my opinion  Easy to use and find friends	Its good for keeping up to date with close friends  Bad because you get bombarded by stupid applications and people you dont like	facebook is great to communicate with wide group of friends and to keep record of photos and messages	Makes Coordination  Talking To Friends Very Easy	hello my name is sam and i love this site for reason best know to me	to make a friend circal in all world	Its addictive  I dont know why  but I love it  =D	I use it less now that Im on Twitter	i get to keep in touch with friends that live in totally different parts of the world	I really thought Twitter was going to demolish MySpace AND Facebook for a second there  But they survived  Theyre ok with me	Great response from ESPN	catching up on school friends	Good for me to interact with my friends	Cool app that keeps with the times now I have something I can place in the blog and site thats not a old timer vcard	  animals more dogs movies dancing  music  sports out going	becoming the next myspace too soon  too fast	Facebook is the first site I visit everyday!Its cool simple and much better than myspace!	Its fun and useful    I only people wouldnt go mad with it    thats why I prefer twitter (no stupid apps  no stupid causes and groups  etc   )	My number one way to communicate  also very useful for business and finding people	Love that it puts me in touch with folks I probably wouldnt email or call often  Also love learning about the everyday stuff happening with them	nothing to say  without facebook  twitter  and google  i would have nothing to do on the computer	Makes a helluva lot of user satisfaction / PR mistakes but still the best social network out there	Good friendly site  :)	It keep life going and running	its where I stay in touch with friends and family	This site is clean enough for my kids to join now they are also able to keep in touch with friends and family	i love it facebook better than other	they used our data    for uncleary reason	the monopolyze of information and the close source of facebook has nothing to be proud of!	Love Lovelo  v               elove                    lo    vE	its just waste of time	I like Facebook  Its a bit bloated  but its currently the best way to connect with friends and family	nothing to say   good and few bad	I love the chat feature and I love the way you share things  Its very easy to keep in touch with friends  Comments and wall posts are easy as pie  Chat too	My usage of Facebook is transitioning from more personal connections to a combination of personal & business  trending to more business	face book is the best	Facebook gets more and more complicated by the day  Its not that Im having major problems with it  but its what people seem to moan to me about the most	ajang reunian    hehehe	I personally love facebook it has allowed me to reconnect with people i havent seen in yearsssss    and its good to see what other people are up	I love it! I even got a profile on it! (Only thing is that it is too popular)	Facebook is continues to provide an ecosystem which encourages people to share with friends and family  And they continue to enhance their services!	hi love facebook i havent seen in yearsss only thing is 2 popular and its good 2 talk of popular world to shar whith friends and family	Its a great place to conect with your friends and family	hi baby selaaaaaaaaaaaam baxe facebook ma amayem injeram abad konem	Cant pass a day without checking it and sometimes spend hours	facebook is more than fun which allows us to learn something new from our friend we chat to	Im on facebook because of Mousehunt  Ghost Trappers and other games while making friends	Privacy? Youre the one posting things and its up to you if the world can see or not  Its really useful for staying in touch with friends	too many times I feel that it is intrusive into peoples lives	I luv it  its a really cool way to make new friends and exchange ideas	hay is there anay games on this web site	Great place to connect with friends  family and colleagues	great tool if used properly but annoying  if i wanted to talk to my old classmates i would theres a reason why we lost contact	the sky has no limit more freinds you own the world in the hands	I like it  but I like the FriendFeed layout better   No ads  slick interface and better realtime  Facebooks good because so many people use it	its a good site to be look for it	singing  outings  praying and meeting with new friends who are in God	facebook is getting dull	all r fakes in face book	turns out it is a great way for me to share links   news of interest   articles  photos  or websites about the Finger Lakes	 hi! Carolyn i like to iceskateing and dance	Just love Facebook  Yes! But can it get to the billion users mark as the CEO Mark Zuckerburg targets? Greetings from Africa ( _ )	Loved it  that is til mom made me delete it	Help to keep in touch with friends far away	Its just the best  Everyone knows it  MySpace is for loosers	Im Alireza Zolfaghari Im 26 age  Im 175 cm	no need to say any thing     just say HEADS OFF	its really time killin	No  1 social media platform beside pure business sites like XING oder LinkedIn	sometimes facebook is evil but the best thing to keep friends connected   and know more about them	hope to meat nice and respectful people	I love Facebook  Theres nothing else like it  A fantastic way to keep in touch  and so much more!	I like it  I hate the quizzes and the quizzers	it looks like real fun : )	I use it coz dat where my friend are but im adicted to twitter	It might be nice if they answered help questions	All people are there  and permit to know more things about your friends	dont really know much bout it	Too many functions in a terrible looking design  Couldnt get used to it	i think its very good for contected others people	Ive been on Facebook for years  loved it from the start  but when no one around you is on it  its of not much use  Now everyone is addicted to it  still great	but i keep having problems loggin in  i have reported this and no one has got back to me  i have reported this problem several times over the last 3 days	Nice to spend my free time	it looks fantastic to work with i just hope i will meet lots of galz here on and they musnt be like in stuck up galz coz im nt a stuck up guy peace out DJ PLUTO	Yeah! I love It is a good way to relax reconnect and chat keep up the good work Peju	hello  what u do wing on tuday	i wantttt onnnn ittt nowwwww	Lately  theyve been doing great things with Facebook Connect  They say its controlled by freemasons  and stuff    but hey  its fun	It gets annoying sometimes  but Ive been able to reconnect with a lot of people I probably never would have seen again	Definitely the best social networking site  Plus all my friends are using it  Its very organized and a great way to see what my friends are up to every day	i llike friends who are good to other friends and truthful	I prefer Myspace to facebook simply b/c MS allows for more individuality of personal profiles  your comments arent public  and MS is more user friendly	Unlike Myspace  Facebook is populated largely by people who go by their real names  Its great getting back in touch with old classmates  coworkers  and friends	I love it  but I need to use it like any normal person do   limit friends to close friends and family and do my networking in groups and pages	Its a great resource  but it is of relatively low value   if they started charging most people would stop using it	Its essential to keep up with friends these days  but the UI is abysmal at best  and its trying to become more like Twitter every day	i hope it gets better   its cool but there are other side more updated and new stuff   but i still like it anyway but i will love it if it change a little bit	I love to catch up with high school friends & current friends   What a way to connect!	loveeeeee itttttttttt      =)	The best social network site  Easy for advertisers and developers	Not sure about it becoming more Twitter and FriendFeed like	Its OK I guess  but organizing it is the key to successfully utilize this social network  Creating lists for family  clients  customers etc  are vital	Its a great service that allows for a streamlined communication with people whom Ive come to know through several different avenues of life  Intuitive design	i love facebook  is so great to keep up with my friends	I like keeping up with what people are doing   what I dont like is when people share too many events!	hi iam deepak from mumbai looking for sweet & cute girl freind for long term	Keeps me current with my circle of friends	myspace is like da coolest web site like no one hates it in my whole life one preson has told me myspace was wack	i love facebook x :)	Its perfect for keeping daily touch with inner and outer circles	I am sick of it crashing  or not being able to access it at all  and it is so slow	i like facebook so i can talk to all my friends and family	facebook is amazing and i love it sooo i have a question does anyone know a proxy site???	MAYBE I AN LIKE IT    BECAUSE THIS IS A FIRST TIME THAT I SIGN IN    AND MY FRIENDS TOLD ME THAT THIS IS NICE    I GUESS SO	i love blipper rosiealicepimm	Facebook has a delightfully clean interface  much less busy than MySpace	I love love love it! I have reconnected with so many lost friends  Most I thought I would never ever see or hear from again but wanted to	pretty cool   i geuss	Well right  facebook is not letting me connect   Its not Firefox or internet explorer       its facebook   SUCKS!!!!!!	Love it because I cant live without    but   f***ing chat!!!! :| :| :|	My growing dislike of Facebook isnt technical but the lack of control a user has over his/her account despite Facebooks dissembling counter claims	the best social site to date	its   helps me 2  connect my friends	is sat in tech work and has hacked facebook yeaaah!	nth imp jus likd that!	i love it  i love michael jackson	when i meet a guy and he makes  me laugh !!!!!!!!!!	Keeps me connected  Looking forward to seeing where it goes next	I like that it keeps me connected to friends  family  and interests  plus its fun	its fun to chat with frenz  play online games with    most of all   keeps u connected	Its fun  App invitations get annoying though	i can always find my old friends on there and catch up without really catching up! Lol	Its great for social networking with friends who live far away  but I havent started using it for work  Sometimes I find it a distraction from my business!	Its become a bit too mainstream for my liking  But all in all its a great social networking site!	this is very important site for having freinds tied	I loveyou me rasheem boyfriend kisses lip hello soooooo	I like this app  Practical and easy  Good idea and thanks for sharing  Getting connected to friends made easier by you	I AM GM KAMAL  DIRECTOR UPOSHOM HOSPITAL BANGLADESH MOBILE=88 01820528538  8801724165888EMAIL= (uposhom@hotmail com)	love platform of friendship	oh come on  what would 2009 be like without facebook??? :)))	Im Akram from kuwait  i like it very much	Im adicted to facebook its my fav!	FACEBOOK ROX MY SOX!!!!	Quite better than loads others  Not be the best  though	Great to use to sell my book and it works wonders!	its alright itsmainly for OLD people!!!!!!!!!! LOL!!!!!!!!1	FACEBOOK WAS ok until IT STARTED HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THE SITE! IT HAS BECOME SO SLOW AND AT TIMES I CANT EVEN ACCESS MY ACCOUNT      ANNOYING!	I loved it at first still like it but at times it has trouble loading & it contains updates on alot of junk I dont care about ie  when friends level up in game	No more social networks  They are ruining the internet!	I really love the new Facebook vibe! Great way to post links  photos  videos  comments! Great networking tool	i really like this way to get friend	es genaeal aunq todavia nolo actualizo pero creo q estara chido	I love it because I can Find my old friends there!	OMG I LOVE BLIPPER	bah  its super addicting and it kinda reminds me of high school	its amazing  kamran shahkohi	I like mixing with different colleagues	im in dha classroom doinq nothinq with mih guy poohbear	Absolutely my favorite because it has allowed me to find dozens of old friends  even my first year (kindergarden) friend!  Also met great new people	its ill my facebook is marcus jerome peterson	es una de las opciones mas emocionantes	its a great way to stay in touch  though the quizzes get quite irritating  but nonetheless  if you love to socialise  you have to be there	I dont see anything wrong with getting a little social?  FB is a great way to do it!	It had me obsessed at first  but have finally negotiated a detente like homeostasis with Facebook	the prompts are annoying (pass this and that) but overall its nice and entertaining	my wife my work my family	salam be hemeye doostan  be omide didar	i  like it coz it so interestng	I like orkut a tad better  if only because all my relatives & old friends are there	My husband calls me a Facebook whore  Im really not  I just have a lot of old friends and tons of family on it!	Easy to use  Also you can check for your favorite anime and manga:  http://www nihonomaru com/ http://forum nihonomaru com/	hi i am vicky join me for more fun	it a new way to meet new and old people  i like it it for people like myself that dont get out much  all work and no play it time for play time	Easy way to stay in touch  in your own time   it can be a distraction!	I have not been able to acccess my facebook page for days  I am told Im logging in incorrectly   not true!	eu adoro mto tdo isso        Facebook  tdo de bom	FB stay connected with friends and watch those people you never really liked try to be your friends	I get to catch up with old friends  so I like it	i need some love thats why i like it	Great place to keep in touch with friends (and ex girlfriends also  haha)	I LIKE IT BECAUSE IT save my photos	Facebook just gets better and better in my opinion  Def the best social site out there	i love facebook because all my friends are on it and theirs lots of fun games	i love facebook keeps me in touch :)	i love facebook cause its hot	What is the problem with facebook?  It keeps cutting me off in the middle of a program and I am getting damn tired of it!!!!	I like it very much is like an addiction	connect with friends and play games	atleast i do reasonable fins wif my freetym	wats gud homies	this is great ive been searching for days	so far its ohk it aint that bad i gess wat eva just get use 2 it lol	Its great  especially for university students or anyone else wanting to keep in contact with friends and (sometimes) family~	Great  huge amount of users and manymany features  :)	my name is levi johnson are love to make a girls  I dont have one	i think that 5th graders at flowood have way to much homework	yeah man   this is good stuff  like eating a phillty steak sandwich mmmmmmmmm good	ilove my face book	How can you not love it? Nearly 300M strong    integrates well into other social media outlets  A powerful tool to deliver your message to a global market!	I wish people knew how to communicate without it [email  etc ]  If facebook ever crashed  no one would know how to contact anyone anymore!	i would like to chat with my friends	All my friends use it  its a solid social networking site for sure	i  like talkin 2 ma dorkz n it awesome	salam ghorbone hamatoooon beram	All the apps are soooooo addicting! FarmVille etc    And almost everyone is on it so you can hook up and talk with your friends!	I underestimated what it could do   met people I havent seen in the last 20 years   simply amazing  The apps   really annoying and intrusive	Facebook really brought relationships and collaboration to closer !	its a way to re connect with your friends and family	i realy love this game	We love the homepage redesign  A really subtle way to introduce facebook users to real time feeds	why you try to fix something that not even broken	Whats not to love? Best social networking profile site on Earth: not to mention  social gaming platform and all of those great business possibilities with Page	i love it       mostly farmville and farmtown	Up until last week it was great   Hate the new changes   Do not need to know who my friends just befriended	i love some one    i need he for life	Facebook is the best social network on the web for connecting with friends  and marketing your business or organization	Oh  my gosh it is the coolest thing like ever!	To be in touch with friends all over the world!	JESUSENERGYDRINK com  The Worlds Greatest Energy Drink COMING SOON    SPREAD THE WORD	To use it for a business takes a lot of time and dedication to keep it updated  informative and compelling   But  Im doing it   I believe it will work	Nice and it hleps you unwind eventhough your busy at work or in your family life	nice   coz it help you to have many2 girl friends	I love animals and I do horseback riding and I love boys  I like to play webkinz Iike to walk on a beach I lost 15 pounds and also I like to drink somtimes	Not to sure what this is  but it looks awesome xD	Its cool  but it doesnt have a dislike button  doesnt have a way for bands to share music easilly  doesnt allow animated gifs  & vids wont work on iPhone	it is great youshould try	hey this is  Madison and Im going out with Danial	love to meet more friends here	Great way to get an idea of peoples social personalities instead of just business	is there a more efficient way of socializing	I fucking love it all my friends I like lot my friends call me the king of blood	The interactivity associated to Facebbok makes it the best place to join friends and share business  friendship and the best networking experience we can find	facebook is fuckin awsome haha	chat to people ill miss	Easy to keep in contact with people over great geographical divides	I luv it It is a good social network platform able to connect with the outside world	its great having technology!	I use it o keep in ouch    but the design sucks  and its a browser killer	i just like facebook com i dont love it	I luv it so much  This is wonderful experience to meet so many people in the world	Awesome  Design is fantastic  consistent and easy to use  Better than the alternative by far	i want beautiful who ready for strong relationship	i  want some one stong pastionet an can comprehind like desean or julio	Its definitely better than Myspace	Its ok  I guess Ill have more to say once Ive been on it more often	It was fun in the beginning but now its just annoying	Its becomin annoying and disturbin   I dont like it anymore	even if its addicting  it brings more people to use the web	it is the most beautyfull thing on the world  i like it cause i can meet new friends and be happy  it has good games too and i heard that farmville is great  me	It used to be good but now its just gone down the pan    it cant even count anymore!	Heres where most of the people I know live  Good way to meet other people  through joining groups  and Facebooks suggestions for friends	i like to watch any movies any vidoes	Visit me on http://facebook com/shannon shubert and see what I have been up too lately	i like it but its a little TOO OPEN   i need a little privacy   why should all my friends see what all my other friends are saying to me	i love it  is very important for me  i can found very things   people  and so far  for me in my motherland or country is not democrasi and we are all under dep	i love it because this is my important to me i can found the love i can see   people and everything im happy i ilove the people in the world  beautiful places !	i love it my india in gujarat	Facebook is awesome in many ways It provide boring a&! people with something to do at all times Its good for linking up with friends co worker an who ever	Its good to share and to read others ideas as well	love is a treat but sometimes that treat comes to late	Definitely the dominant social networking site  but it seems that most of the time I spend there nowadays is spent pruning my news feed to block apps	Before or after the news feed update?	facebook is really cool!!!	i luv facebook so much  if it wasnt here i probs would have to depend on my cellie then haha which sucks cuz it sometimes runs out of mintues!!!	Facebook has always seemed to be a little needlessly complex and is often restrictive to location in my opinion	I use Facebook everyday Not to keep track of people so much But fo the game apps Facebook gets stuck quite often I have had to redo updates and the games freeze	i love u facebook members	An online portal to your social life  Serves no real purpose and results in an overall loss of productivity for humanity  but hey  at least its not myspace	I like the connections I make; I hate the bevy of quizzes I have to wade through	i found this new innovation of my life	frm me love to every body	OMG I LOVEEEEEEEEEE FACEBOOK!!!! AHHH!	talk  any1 u left or something riterd	sometimes like sometimes dislike :))	I love it i like to chat with women	Closed  annoying applications  time sink   Not compatible with my beloved Google services	because i meet my friend via blip	EVERYTHINGS OK BUT I CANT GET ON MY PAGE FOR FACEBOOK  ANY suggestions?	hi there every one how to get on facebook would be good help lol	hey guys i love facebook bcos it is da way of socialising wth different ppl  sharing ideas abt lyf n other stuff as young ppl	My first social networking site   I love it!	It is a time sink but also a developing platform where the marketplace is  Typical brand protection fundamentals apply  the brand savvy should lead the way	Haha! I used to be an addict once!	Ohhh  Facebook  How you rob me of hours in a day	Haha i love Facebook all those hours i waste on it :P	Biggest timesucker ever  but I love how it doesnt make you feel bad for that  :D	Why nobody cares about privacy? Whats usage of facebook for individuals? Socializing in the net is senseless Its the biggest scam of our era CIA Alqade granma?	Facebook is all right but seems to have become a place to be a fan of stuff like being a fan of repairing tile grout  The point is being lost every day	It is the place of fun and making friends and really enjoy	worlds best facial  mask green clay      www terrageena com	hey people waz up?	Best social network for private use	facebook is amuzing it jst hurts if ur bf dumps u ova facebook	It is simple to navigate around this social networking site and is good with keeping up with friends and family   Way better then MySpace	i luv it babes!!! nyc wrk luv!!! loveyhoo xXx	Neatest networking site over  the internet  Very nice	facebook is nice as it keep people in tight relationship	i love facebook because it keeps me connected with my mates	Great way to keep in touch with family & friends around the country	at the moment we cant use facebook in my country Vietnam	i love my parents and my friends	what can i say? its hip hop and yes its happening for sure big up!	Not sure I will ever be able to fall in love with a social networking application  but Facebook is certainly the most popular  why? My space to messy?	coz it is a fuking piece of lagging shit :(	Tis Gooood Blud!! :)	i need help i cant get the apps  to load on my son n laws facebook can anyone help me please i had no trouble with mine	david pena alva	Jenifer Nguyen say hello to everyone !	i cant chat to anyone coze i dont have a chat box thing i cant get on it well i try to login	Its too disorganized and frustrating  They could do a lot better streamlining it	Its annoying  Whats the point of letting everyone know every little detail about you  I sure as hell dont want to know too much about others	I think the only reson I like it at this point is because my friends are using it  Otherwise  its become a complete mess of pointless games and quizzes	It is a great way to reconnect with friends and family     But  the damned games and farms and fish and diners are driving me crazy!!!	Very interactive and user friendly  Interactions are easy and informative  ITs got cool applications too to keep you hooked up	Facebook is an essential social networking tool	Its nice to have a Facebook account  I prefer Twitter to stay in touch though	Great for staying in touch wid frnds	I Love Facebook! I Love Mark!	I Like Facebook     But People Do Ma Head In When They Put Thing On Facebook That Isnt True     They Need To Grow Up :P x	ello everyone i love blibber	i love it and am slighty adicted to it	The world be come closer	Really its great  I like & love it  because we make new friends and meet with new friends over all world	i love facebook it connects to pretty much every other site i use and most of my friends use it :)	Love it is a understatement! I like  love  addore and admire Facebook! Cant imagine my life without it!	I love it becuse it makes me meet my 2 moons evry day once in Dubai and once in USA	Confuso e chato  Orkut  bem melhor  #prontofalei	Hope yol r on facebook 2	atm facebook is pissing me i cant see that chat or nothing	most of people waste thier time on facebook for nothing	It great to be connected with friends and enjoy games and quiz at same time!	good i can share eachother	antes estaba mejor	i JUst Love FacebOOk :D	Addictive time suck	great way to keep in touch with friends	I am on Facebook almost constantly  Keeping in touch with friends couldnt be easier  Theres chat  photos  videos  games  and more  Its wonderful!	Its a good source for having contact with friends	wishing y a good and happy new year	Good to see old classmates	someone hack into my face book and sent porn to everybody i know making me look bad  i deleted facebook  thanks alot	go east go west facebook is the best	I can connect with family and friends I very rarely get to see	Its good  but not as good as Twitter	Taking me some time to find my way around it  but I am 84!!	its alright I guess    nothing to jump for joy about	I WANT TO APPLY WITH FACE BOOK S THAT I WILL BE AMONG THE PEOPLE THAT ARE ENJOYING THE FACE BOOK	Dont know that I so much dislike fb as that im just ambivalent about it  rarely go there anymore but to check msgs	i wont frend in my life	margeret loves facebook	Facebook is fun but the amount of apps can be annoying  no sooner do I hide one another one appears	I use it everyday to network with my friends  share links and update the news about my projects with the world	Facebook is awesome :)	Part of my daily ritual   like Mashable =D	ive been a fan since before my school was even allowed access to this digital dynasty that has become synonymous with all things social media	Big part of my life   personally and professionally  :)	Use it for personal as well as business   great way to share information	its awsome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! its a great way to connect with friends from far away	just need separate pages	Great way to reconnect with old friends & SEE what they are up to & look like without needing to fly around the world  Also  super easy to make new connectons!	Can make friend with other people around the world	Facebook is the best way to connect everything friends  bussiness  etc	Facebook is really cool! Has got lotsa useful features which improve every day + their number increases steadily  too    A lovely and useful web 2 0 toy :))))))	the most simple and useful social network out there  period	im trying to track down some old friends from school	How can I make all my friends come on Facebook ?	I like it very much because it is the most popular social networking site   ASIF	klunky  boring  unimaginative   facebook is more of a chore than anything	i feel like to talkwith you via phone	the best service i ever signed up to!! :D	Fantastic platform staying on the cutting edge	love it for the longer conversations I cant have on Twitter	Each time I go on FB it is in tiny writing and I cant see or ready any massages    I love it but that is so not cool	Near ubiquitous social networking app   And *thats* the killer feature   has chat too  so thats nice   Can get spammy if you dont control alerts	For me twitter is cool than fb  but fb is such a best social networking ever!	Its just like being at a high school reunion!	my name is mohsen  I love you it I like facebook girls	New to facebook but find it very useful	I love it  but I dont understand why  I cannot get it since yesterday  everytime I got it a message about  Internet messenger    an aborted	Its useful and has many options  but its not customizable  so I prefer Myspace	Great with connecting with friends	Facebook is a great place to spend some time and stay connected with people you like (and find some you forgot about)  Plus youll make some new friends	the best  myspace sucks because it is too slow  but facebook combines status with email with photosharing with fun in the perfect way	hai   salam perkenalan	i like the concept  much nicer and cleaner the my***ce (hated it)   great for socme (social media)  good for lots of reasons	facebook is a connect room to search any people who forgot	just love it because it helps me find my friends all over the world	i love it get to find long lost friends	FB is THE way to connect with people from you past  and go a little deeper than twitter in the communication  but twitter is great too  I use both	Its an awesome way to keep in touch with the world around you	Facebook is kinda like Google  Its a giant for its need  Of course  all apps come with bugs	tries to do too much  needs to be more simple like twitter	(electronic rolldex) raised to the second	Facebook is great for both keeping up with the lives of my friends as well as sharing with people and family I dont see very often	i need a female friend	i mean i don`t have it so      my friend luvs it  i cant have one because of my mom  my mom thinks it might be a hazard	is it possible to not like facebook?  However  I do hate the new newsfeed   I cant wait until the homepage update outlined on Mashable that is  overall  better	I want make friends with you	great     if anyone has to decide btw it and orkut or myspace it surely has to be fb!	Amazing site when used properly	I could honestly say that facebook is a perfectly good networking creation  it has many features of you being able to occupy time  and meet and greet everyone!	love is a beautiful crime but have to do	neat to have stuff to do meet people play games	Fast became an essential way to keep in touch with my friends  plus play some fun games  But I trust Zuckerberg about as far as I could throw this planet	Its no dough F necessary  if you have a real friend in real world	privacy sucks   its gonna be like the next aol   Until then though its kinda fun	i love the game its great	salut a tou et coucou	I thnk is great its opened up a great way of feeling yourself kinda like going out with out being out its great to have all your old mates around you	As much as I like playing Mafia Wars  that pretty much sums it up  That was funny	Just about the most astonishing social web around  Must join!	we can find more friend like girls	its a cool place where friendz get to interact and share ideas	its so much fun getting our company fan page out there and seeing people flock to it  And as a gas distributor  were having fun with our brand   ILMO has Gas!	http://www yokozona com	LOVED THAT SORORITY LIFE !	A great way to reconnect with lost friends  Sometimes I get annoyed though because Facebook is trying to be too much like Twitter when it isnt	I have to say Its the best Im addiced	fuck its boring cant wait for mick to wake up so i can walk up there or ill get my mummy to take me up lol love u justina	facwe book iz great web site	it is good when it doesnt mess up	not an obsessive facebook fan like some people    but its kinda cool to keep in contact with old friends	I love Facebook very much	I love facebook  It keeps you in touch with all the friends that I cant see all of the time  and I can find people that I havent seen in years	i m not going into details why i love facebook  but i just say it gave me family  it gave me true friends like Michael Jackson who i love most  thank you FB	perfect for social retards :)	revolution about conecting ppl on d world	Its really a very useful 2 every one who would like to get linked 2 their old buddies	400 million users all connecting with each other   yeah   im a huge fan of fb and how they are changing the world!	Great social networking!	As someone whos not comfy with face to face interactions  I loved how FB helped me break the ice among my colleagues by sharing snarks and jokes  :)	works nice  simple and you can not only connect to friends  but also to services  artists etc that you like!	Brings old friends out from the woodwork  but still not sure if they should stay there? Maybe some should  other than that great work! Great site!	the new layout is dumd and anoying but i still luv fb	I use it daily :)	Hey my name is Heather Im 33 live in Ohio I like to talk and make friends to Im just starting on the talk online	http://www youtube com/watch?v=QkuntgxP3TU Facebook can be fun until you gf dumps you on it lol	Its very interesting  i can share my favorite pages and receive comments from my friends!	i like facebook directory	Nothing but SPAM all day every day	Hey thanks for your message yesterday your facebook is sharp	One of the best social networks ever	this is cool so far   be back to check it  out again! ;)	Gotta love the connectivity potential	I go through withdrawals if I miss a couple of days on Facebook  Just about all  if not most of my family and friends use it also  which makes it more enjoyable	Love it and totally addicted to it  Fortunatly I have to use it at work ;)	Attorney and author  single  living in Northern Virginia  Very progressive and focused fearlessly on the reality of humankinds unknowable future imminently  an	ITS A AWESOME WAY OF COMMUNICATION	Best social networking site out there! Also best time waster online! Good to talk to friends and share photos	IT STIL CAN IMPROVE A LOT @ CHANGE FOR THE BETER	An amazing social network to keep up with all your friends  family and even your own media by becoming a fan of their pages  :)	Important data & life timeline repository   shame if the account mysteriously got deleted though	i love it wasnt botherd about joining now im hooked !	i love it becuzz i have a girlfreind thats fat on ther and i love to fuck her	Full of morons spreading Zio fascist propaganda	A good alternative to the overly bloated and frantic MySpace  and it offers far more features and tools than Twitter  But those apps and games are so annoying!	Love it   Lots of fun!	itz really amazing	Waste of time  Totally hate it  Argh	its alright   good backend and mechanics   but games are annoying and there aint any much control over spams	updates 24/7 with your friends  better than blogging  n theres games to play when bored	Great way to keep up with friends and the app API is amazing	too many game players posting results  something needs to change!	thanks    www facebooklogin gen tr	I love the games & being able to connect with old & new friends alike  I keep UTD w/current events & learn about new things  All around a great site	hello  dj business open 24 hours $30hours or call me  at 1347  538  7140	Interesting folks/people are met through this media	Perfect to stay in touch with friends  family  coworkers o rjust acquaintances	Perfect way to keep up with friends  Absolutely love the fast paced  innovative interface development as well	found my old friends and long lost sweeties :D	Its a easy way to keep in touch with people	Facebook is one of ways to find old friends and connect new friends as well as wide open your networks	Amazing ! Best connection with missing friends at every where in our short life period  Lovely !	Can be great when you want to keep in touch with friends but can be a perfect tool to waste your time	I do not use it very much  Too much bloated  But I cant say it is not good to keep in touch	makes help to keep in touch	ist good  ES LO MEJOR  ME GUSTA FACE BOOK  CREO QUE ES MAS ENTRENIDO Y PUEDES VER EL ESTADO FISICO DE OTRAS PERSONAS	Much more mature and overall better than Myspace  With the exception of farm town and all that stupid stuff  Facebook is great  Ill stick to my PS3 for gaming	have to agree  cool part is blocking option on games and unsolicited apps and invites	Too many APPS! thus not liking Facebook as much anymore	The best social tool on the market today	Awesome social networking  without FB I will be totally disconnected from the world and friends	kids talking realy nasty words kids talking bout doing drugs  calling people mother      s you need to get a handle on this	The best and most convenient way to keep up with my family and friends!	TO THE UCVHOST COM:  I WANT MY MONEY BACK i bought vps lite from you but it is very very slow  ip is 174 36 167 86  nothing can be done it  i have anothe	No duh I like facebook  its pretty easy to use has lots of productive applications and lets me add myself to some sites just by logging in	my  babys DARI & NIKI	I love it :3 omg   gotta go   my teacher is coming	I like Facebook | Triaddirectory Facebook | Greensboro http://www facebook com/greensboro	I know some body cant live without facebook	It keeps me in contact with friends and family from all over the world  It also helped me find old friends from school and university!	If it werent for Facebook  I would never know what is going on with all my friends	Its great  very nice apps	I hate it  and Im not entirely sure why	the best website in the whole wrold!!!!!!!!!!	Welcome you visit Blog Hot sexy girl vietnamese china and girl hot in the world Show hang tu suong quay len photo and video sock 8x 9x thac loan an choi 8x 9x	i like it it keeps me connected with my daughter that lives out of town	great networking tool	Im so addicted to facebook  Im on it 24 7 like yea!	I have been unable to log on to FB for >2 mos  I believe my account has been hacked  I sent >20 notices and a certified letter  FB has yet to respond or fix it!	the best viral social network	am addicted on this site cuz its so simple & cool at the same time	i like facebook but hate glasshouse college coz facebook is blocked	i love it joannawood1683@yahoo com:))	Too much crap on the Page	i can round the world only with one click	Streamlined user interface appeals to a wider variety of users  including older people  I know plenty of folks who ditched their MySpace in favor of FaceBook!	yeah ! actually               I LIKE IT	Best social service!	its really really gud	They keep improving to serve us better  Awesome	facebook is verygood but i can t contact it	Once I got on Facebook I never went back to MySpace  and I havent missed the MySpace clutter or spammers since!	Everchanging user interface designs    But still manages to be usable and fast	I never used Facebook before until Farmville came along and now I am a full time Facebook addict	the new changes are extremely frustrating    but overall its ok	can be share ideas motivation learning expirience learning suggesstion and others	I can stay current with my adult kids activities  nieces and nephews and see pixs of my grandson + share interesting news with friends and family!	HAVE a good day I have other planes!!!!	pslam to evry1   hve a nice day with facebook	Keep in touch with everyone! And the apps are addictive!	I use it every day to post links and keep in touch with friends	Great idea great site very easy UI(user interface) Integration with other sites is great but kind of creates a monopoly with big companies	Amazing way to connect with friends both near and far away	Another service that Im waiting to see how its geo tagging feature will work	Alaska likes the facebook to stay in touch with family & friends  a lot better than myspace !!!	so nice let me share with my friends and know new people thank facebook	situs yang kukunjungi tiap hari  tapi berharap ada peningkatan yang lebih baik nanti	You kill your time  the time which you can be more productive in  so think another time in facebook	Got to get the hang of FB Credits looks like a great idea  especially for charity donations	yepp like it  einfoplanet blogspot com	i like facebook because its very nice to talk with your friends and to make other new friends	How can you hate Facebook? Its a way to comfortably stalk people and places from the safety of your own home	im w swit their are some very intresting ppl out there now adays    wink wink Swit G	Cant live without it  Pretty much a homepage now	yup i do luv myspace make gud friends and music hmmm	Hello   I want to friendy and loves for monton	Useful  fun  and free!	please check out http://www derrickanders com	Une autre vision du web!	FACEBOOK DID NOT RESPOND MY E MAILS ABOUT MY DAMN HACKED ACCOUNT!!!!!  NOBODY HELPED ME!!!!  THEY LET SOMEONE TO HACK MANY FACEBOOK ACCOUNTS!!!!  HOW DANGEROUS!	I use it to Market my campaigns and am earning lots of $$$$@http://bi	keeping leting everybody stay  connection with each  other keep facebook alive	=) just like it	Awsome  but not the only way of communcation on earth	So easy to stay in touch with friends	Love it  Helps me keep in touch with my family  and friends from school	dont really want one  dont really need one  i neither like nor dislike but im more on the   why do we need this? side  ill keep in touch with email & blog	I love the way Facebook makes it incredibly easy to keep in contact with your mates and have a great time!  I Follow Back: www twitter com/PrayMaddyMcCann	too nice   its even getting addictive		
337187	A really solid Instant Messaging client for OS X	The most amazing IM platform  ever  To be greeted by that duck on a morning makes it all worth while!	When it comes to multiprotocol messengers for OS X  I swear by Adium  I had to thank my friend profusely for telling me about it	Works a lot better than iChat & I like how it links my AIM and Yahoo accounts together  Very nice	This is my IM client of choice  It makes it easy to combine several different IM accounts in one window and is infinitely customizable	GREEN BIRDY!! YOU ROCK! If only you spread your wings and allowed for email and social networking like my beloved Digsby	Best IM Client available  hands down	Similar to Pidgin with a great selection of add ons	Light  powerful  simple  lots of add ons and protocols > Best IM client ever		
337186	A great software suite from Apple that gives you many features   I couldnt live without it!	Life made easy! And the innovations for iLife 09 are just stunning    No more excuse to have a lousy website or boring home video :P	I might not have 09 yet  but iLife was one of the main reasons I bought my mac in the first place	The best product Apples ever made after Mac OS X Leopard  Integration between web services and desktop is a thing of the future!	I use iPhoto and iMovie ALL the time  Love it!	I couldnt go without my iPhoto   where else is comprehensive enough to store all my pics?! No competition	Great software  but sometimes not advanced enough	Very nice  I really only use iPhoto but I quite like it	I only use iPhoto but it is a great photo organizer	I think nobody will say Sucks on a Mac ever?	Garageband makes it for me  though I like Imovie as well	Mostly GarageBand like NINJA90 says	Great suite of apps !	never used iWeb till now  but the garage band is awesome	Great way to organize your digital life	Cheeky consumer software   people who know it want more and people who dont care dont get it  Web integration is cool though	EVILTV CANNOT AFFORD IT	HAHAA! More like get a iLife	iLife 09 sucks  Looking forward to iLive 10	 i love   like life and 3L	For making elegant looking documents quickly and easily  iLife is the way to go  Its templates are such that you can make them your own with ease	Nice apps with some room for improvement	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Simple and efficient > how software should always be	Great set of friendly consumer based easy to use apps		
337065	I use it for throwaway image hosting  screenshots  image links on forums that sort of thing  Upload it & forget about it  Very  very slow at times	One of the simplest image uploaders out there   Has an easy to use API for building image uploading into your own apps	Pretty slow  I definitely prefer Tinypic for quick image uploading	I use it daily :) great service		
337064	My preferred image hosting site  But that may be because Im too lazy to find an alternative  Has some seriously annoying ads though  the sort that flash & buzz	Not liked this since finding it   The interface is awful and lacks the community features of Flickr   Popular it might be  Im not a fan	It gets the job done  but it isnt nearly as good as Picasa  Flickr  or other services I prefer	it is best for storage  and handy to download to sites	fuck this shit it said this image or video violated our terms of use  Photobucket WTF!! its a picture of a CAR!! AUTOMOBILE!!!!!	Simple making  nice looking	I like it  Its a good service and its easy to use	Posted pics that then often seem to offend their TOS and get removed Same pics on Flickr are fine! Goi figure!	not only a ton of photos and videos  but the best way to link my visuals to my blog + facebook	Like the compelling upload video & picture site   but I dont use it and is owned by the News Corp	Associated with Myspace = fail	pretty col so far	ola jorge hernando andres	i love sage scabbyrobe hes my one & only :) love you baby !	i love photobucket so much! it helps me get ideas for some photos i would like to try to take! it sucks that our school rogers blocks it from the computers!!!!!	mmmh like it ill get updated with photos	photobucket is very interesting to share unlimited photos on line	aku menggunakan ini	Useful for searches  however  I never quite got on with this in terms of hosting my own photos		
337063	A wonderful video site that is a far superior user experience than YouTube  And their commercials rock  too	Absolutely wonderful  Great content  high res videos  and ads that are short enough to be worth sitting through	Very nice site   Recommended	This because it does not play outside the US and I really  really hate that  I know theres a reason for the blocking  but it is still BLAH! in my opinion	It would get an I love it! if my friends and contacts outside the USA could use it  otherwise a fantastic site	Cant wait till Hulu is on Boxee or Vudu  until then great service  just not ready for primetime (pun intended)	Hulu is a very good website for streaming TV shows! But there are two problems: The commercials and the buffering (Which Probably cant be fixed)	some of it is sort of Vader tho	Great quality   nice to watch a tv show if youve missed it	It seemed like it was destined to fail when it was first announced  but its the best place to watch top quality shows	I use this to catch shows my DVR messes up    Hoping for an iPhone App!	Hulu is great  though not properly available in the uk so I have to do some proxy jiggery pokery to use it	HULU needs to stop messing with Boxee!  I refuse to watch HULU until they allow Boxee to deliver their content	Hulu is a great video client  but Ill only love it again when it stops messing with Boxee!	I catched up on one of my favorite TV shows  Jericho  God I miss that show	Its too bad Sunny in Philadelphia isnt completely available anymore   But still a great site	It has a lot of great content  but its buffering problems hurt it a lot  The commercials are an acceptable annoyance for the free content	Nice interface  I can see why theres so much buzz over this	Super useful   You like watching TV?  You will love Hulu	Works amazingly any time you have internet access but no tv (OFFICE!)	I like it but I cant watch hulu out of US	A cool way to watch TV on the web  but alas it doesnt (officially) work in the UK	Hulu    interfering with my productivity since 2007	Wonderful way to watch shows on the web  Excited to see where this one goes	I would LOVE IT if they would just be cool and support Boxee	Very  very useful   I dobotneed to worry about missing some of my favorite shows now	Cool website for watching TV shows and clips   good search and ease of use   Nice	One of the best sites out i think	This web page is so crappy out side the US =P	Hulu is great for music videos	Possibly one of the coolest sites ever  So glad this thing exists  Just wish it could get shows online faster	Given todays online Web 2 0 community  I would say its service (or lack thereof) outside of the US is quite short sighted	This site is amazing for catching up on television shows you missed or cutting the cord on cable  Im in the US  but I wish it had outside support for my friend	Its not available in Canada! :( :(	Time to kick cable/satellite out of the house!	Its unfortunate that the service for those outside the US isnt the same as within  Excellent service  and lovely interface	its a def  step in the right direction   but  come on  its 2009 and im still getting cut short even with a brand new imac on this and things like it	Its a great concept  put to work in an excellent manner  Wonderful!	I was amazed at how quickly TV shows were on Hulu after they aired   First place I check if I screw up my Tivo!	Hulu makes youtube look so shabby  Its also more socialnetworkie friendly/enabling	Hulu is ruining the Internet  Everybody keeps using and embedding this video that MOST OF THE WORLD CANNOT SEE! I hope it dies  and soon	It has revolutionized how my husband and I watch TV! I love love love it!	Its alright   I subscribe to shows and yet I can only have 8 or 9 episodes in my queue?	One of the best places to find what you wanna watch when you cant find it on TV	i like it  but not enough full feature films from other studios	Pretty good for TV  lacks movie selections	I would like to see more recent shows and movies	Would love to use it outside of the US of A	Could use more full length movies but its excellent for catching up on missed TV shows	Biggest high quality selection of movies and TV shows on the web for free	It is good for what is there  but choice for TV is limited  even if they have a show they only show 3 or 4 at a time	Watch movies  tv shows  clips  videos  Some in HD quality what more can I ask for	Not available outside of the USA	love love love love love love love love LOVE it! I think I watch more tv shows on Hulu than on regular tv  Its wonderful and convenient	Well  what can I say?  Hulu is phenomenal  amazing  stupendous  wonderful  incredible  marvelous  stunning  unbelievable  and astounding   Need I say more?	Love the concept  Hate the fact that it doesnt work in the UK	Faster loading and higher quality than sites like YouTube  Great commercials too  Disappointed that I cant share videos with friends in Australia  though	Missed the start of the new season of Hells Kitchen Caught up on Hulu  Its free; its great	Fantastic service  with this and netflix do not need cable anymore	Went crazy at the start trying to get it via proxy  Now Miro has filled the void for the most part	Best collection of high production and commercial video available free on the internet  but unfortunately most of it isnt viewable outside of the United State	a month ago i wouldve said I love it!  but Hulu now blocks access from the PlayStation 3s browser so now I have to watch it on my laptop & not my 61 TV :(	Unacceptable to be available only in the USA	In terms of straight up tv show watching  it beats youtube by a long shot	Its pretty good  Paving the way for more TV to end up on the Internet where it belongs  =)	Good  but the ads are very repetitive	I know WHY  I just dont LIKE the fact its US only	wayy better than youtube  most definitely! and you can find alot more	Good when I need a Family Guy fix  But thats about it	Ad supported network TV  streamed for free over the internet in 480p   Vast catalog; turns the internet into your DVR   Only 2 minutes of ads for an hour show	Hulu has replaced cable and satellite in my house  but Im all about saving so we will see how long this free network remains just that!	Hulu is the only way I watch tv anymore but if they start charging Ill find another way	Interesting  in Mexico  I can use youtube  but not Hulu :(	I cannot watch a show continously with out a pause   whats with that?  I am running a media PC?	could run smoother  and have a bit better organization (i know it goes against their aesthetic)	But no more TDS and Colbert Report is :((((	Doesnt work in teh UK!	Great idea pretty site great UI cleat concept idk if I would pay for the subscription model though	My favorite lately is the Zatoichi series from the Criterion Collection   Before that it was Doc Martin   Excellence makes you impatient with the standard fare		
348749	It is not public yet  but undoubtly will be a new paradigm in personal and business communication	I love it (as far as you can love something you havent tried yet)  and I want my own Wave server now :)	To heck with MTV  I want my Google Wave!!!!!!	Google has crushed me yet again with their Tsunami of Awesomeness!	I cant decide if I like this or not    it seems like one  giant  ongoing instant message	Im blipping that I love the IDEA of it   Cant wait to use it in practice!	I am so excited to see this launch!	it will change our world  convinced	Looking forward to the launch!	I see lots of Hott Apps comming for this     I wouldnt mind if this replaced G Mail (love GMail BTW)	google wave is a revolution!	Im really digging the concept	Im excited to see to use  and excited to develop my own gadgets for it	Cant wait to see this in action	Definitely excited about google wave :)	Is it Google Wave time yet?  Im super excited!	Google wave has a potential to replace email  It would to interesting see the adoption rate	would like tog et a chance to use wave  i wonder what they are gonna do about external emails	I want it as soon as humanly or inhumanly possible	I like the idea  But will see how itll work	The future of email & web communication  Jealous that Mashables Ben Parr got access before me :)	I hate the way Icarus died  but will enjoy watching Google suffer the same fate     memesist wordpress	im seeing Google Apps being its launch platform	I just love it thats what I was expecting loooong time ago :D	Google Wave is a tremendous leap forward in the evolution of online communication  Simply amazing!	Looks pretty cool   just thinking about how we can work it!	I would like to give Google Wave a try  Can I get to try the Beta ??	Pure gold  Let me be an beta tester	Looks great  i saw the Google Wave presentation and it will definately change the way we do things	Very excited to play around with it   The IM features are awesome  and the collab editing blows my mind   Demo app of yes  no  maybe I will use	looking forward to getting the surfboard out	Is there any word WHEN Google wave is being released? 2 months? A year? Anyone know?	I cannot wait to try it out! Its cool	It will change the way we communicate  work & live	This is living up to its name as its already making a lot of waves  Cant wait to start using this from the stable of the G	Google rules the world	Im kinda obsessing at the moment   cant wait for it to be released!	This is going to crush hotmail!	 OH THIS COOL YEH YOU GOT THE RIGHT STUFF GIVE IT TO ME BABY   NOW TALKING OH OH I JUST BLIPPED MY SELF  EXCUSE ME!	still awaiting for the released of google wave  I need this kind of apps the soonest	I know Im going to love it  so lets just get this over with	Wow! This will really revolutionize how we communicate through various mediums ranging from emails to blogs  Cant wait!	This will revolutionize the way we communicate on the web	This will revolutionize the way everyone communicates through the internet  This service will be amazing!	I just dont see the point     I dont want anyone watching me type!	Cant wait    it will change the way we communicate!	Seeing the demo made my jaw drop  I love when Google innovates!	Been watching the gmail labs evolve into what will become Wave	i like the idea but still i dont get the big picture  google creating its own facebook?	Didnt know anything quite realistic but just love it :D	Wow! Really cool	This is going to be friggin awesome!	I cant wait  Apart from anything else  kill the subject line! This really is the future of email	I saw the whole presentation of Google Wave and I loved it from the 1st second I saw it  Very inovative     hopefully it will come soon	Hope they release it really soon	cant wait i love google	If it isnst Google or Apple  I dont want it! Just kidding  or am I?	Looking forward to using this app  on my G1  I just signed up for an invitation today	I cant wait for this     the 2012 of positive internet changes	Anticipating this in a big way	Its awesome!!! Im just waiting	this is not only to be the next thing   but its gonna be a biggest thing ever   even bigger than (google)   thrust me http://Luffemann Tumblr com	Breaks  rather annihilates the monotony of Email  Perfect to avoid email based office politics	I cant wait   Its amazing technology and changes the face of communication	Another tsunami of Googles innovation!	Cdogstar says:put it out there even if it does not exist	Looks like Wave is going to be awesome! Cant wait to have a play	I just want to wait and see with this one!!!	This looks amazing  Cant wait for it to come out  I think it will change the way we communicate	One of my all time favorite entrepreneurs is VERY excited about Google Wave so  Im very interested in checking it out when its available	I cant wait for Google Wave to be available! I think it is going to be awesome!!!	I cant wait for google wave	Non vedo lora / Cant wait! :)	I can hardly wait! The potential is amazing	cdogstar says:this wave will wash over the web	its very good     i like this software	Great effort! looking forward to seeing how this develops further	Ready to ride the wave when it comes!	Googled have to work hard on this  Otherwise Id have to click on Dislike it button! :/	More a web operating system than an application  Awesome usability  nice developer tools  This is a revolution in internet communication	I cant wait for it  its going to reinvent all forms of web based communication	This is a multi funtion link	dying to be a part of the upcoming trial	Tsunami of awesomeness :D	Universal collaboration on the way	the service looks amazing  I cant wait to use it	Streamlining workflow   thats a big deal	No I have not used Google Wave  but my expectation is high :)	Its good trying to be the part of the upcoming trial	I cant wait to start using Google Wave  I hope everyone will start using it as soon as its launched!	I hope they are going to give me a invite soon  it looks promising	Absolutely LOVE the concept of this   Cannot wait to try it for real when it opens   And also longing for the day I can get rid of my email account	I WANT IT  I want it so much	Ill run Fusion if I have to to run this on my MBP	Definitely looking forward to playing with this one!	ive watch the presentation video on youtube ~ it looks really promising ~!	Looks positively wonderful and will revolutionize how people use computers	Google wave is just another perfect example of how amazing Google is	Google Wave Is very Great	they must fix some bugs soon and start it soon   live will pass them	Needs a lot of bug fixing  man!	I still cant believe to this amazing vision of how people will communicate in the near future  this is going to be an amazing success to my opinion	Googles most amazing product since search; this will completely change the way people think about communication	Cant wait till the world is using Waves as primary communication platform	Burp! lol wow! Wats Dis! want to know more wanto to know more!! :P	Its a new but ambitious product  Once friends and companies are on it  it could be a whole different ball game	Sounds great!  Looking forward to a new communication venue!  Sindy	Sounds ideal  I just have to try it out and see if its all its cracked up to be	hmm still waiting for an invite	I am waiting for an invite   This sounds like it will be very helpful	Need an invite: :D joaosantos pedro252@gmail com	Hoping to get an invite! My email address is dummyies@gmail com  Thanks a lot!	Buenas  yo quiero una invitacion   mi correo es admin@elmundo55 es	I really love it & i just cant wait till i use it   Realy usefull :) Im hoping to get an invite :)	Love the new integration for e mail  VoIP  chat and at the apps  This is missing in the boring facebook inbox	Baffled by the mere concept of just how good this idea really is!	Invite please aeziir@gmail com	Google Wave is the next big thing that the whole Internet will face soon	Looks fun though I cant work out how to use it yet   Is this a wave?	lets see  but looks it will be veeery good!	Tem tudo para ser a proxima grande onda da Internet  It has everything to be the next big wave of the Internet	I am waiting for this  With Google Wave i can connect with the property buyers from all over the world in real time who want to invest in Pune real estate marke	Without many people in its hard to say    And its loaded with bugs too  Awesome nonetheless	Cant wait to see wave expand to its potential	i don have patience to wait : ) fast!!!!	cool   cant wait to wave around~~	Iam a french guy who wants other people to work with me ! Im sure Google Waves is the better tool   I use to use Google Documents at my computer club (abill	I never heard of this one!  Hmmm   Google is making changes!	i had attended its demo in pune India its cool	fellow blippers would love to have an invite to review wave <3  invitationandstuff@gmail com	We are online and write to please our audience  And Google is doing a great job at pleasing their audience  They are real influencers in the Internet scenario	lot of things dont work yet but who cares	Once you start figuring it out  it becomes less an oddity and a powerful conversation tool   I especially love the ability to make and track aside comments	I love the concept and I have been invited as well  Quite cool  Id say	The potential of this collaboration platform is huge	it is by far the cooles thing on the web very interative  user frndly and just amazing  now i have a paper to write can i have wave  i want to edit some stuf	Wave is awesome  still slightly gimmicky but awesome none the less!	Google Wave is Awesome   It will Change   how we will interact online Totally One Day	Gr8 app but need to find more people to ride the Google Wave with  hmm wonder if I have any invites to give yet	So far im loving it    but theres a lot of work to do! and i do not have any doubt u guys will pulled it of!	I watched the wave video and really liked it alot! Im just mad i havnt got an invite yet!	Got my invitation yesterday and Its great!  Still need to get more people on board	lets Try and fry !!!!!!!!!!!!	I believe this program will change lives!	in principal looks interesting   But I think it needs to be applied properly	Incredible tools to communicate   cant wait it goes public and build things with it!	Microsoft wins in this area	Looking forward to collaborating on some very open ended projects with Wave	Google Wave is cool	The Google Wave preview takes a little getting used to  It will only come into its own when the floodgates open and everyone you know/work/share has access	A useless memory hog!	No contacts  no use   and ho do you get contacts if you only get 8 invites?! Nope  I can see the brilliance  but not   yet   the use	I liked it a lot just by looking at it  But Its not sending any invite to me from long time    :( :(	best parts of the internet into one  but i have no one to wave with  so    meh	I love google wave i can manage my project on it with my colleagues	great for collaborations with others  works best in chrome	good but like most of googles things its over hyped and i think wont be of use to a mass market	I believe in Google Wave	Potential?  Huge   Current state of the product?  Collapsing under the weight of its own hype	I think its great     but could do with more intergration from google chat     Would be nice to be able to use it in a desktop app rather than on the browser	Its just beta so far  but I think it looks cute  Though  I was kind of hoping that it would be able to kill msn  But Im having doubts	I wanted to see if it could live up the hype so I checked it out right away  I must say  it looks promising so far	It is so buggy at the moment and as slow as a zx81 running quake  I want to like it but it has a long way to go yet  and it needs more users to be useful	man its sleek and fast  But better if i can have my whole list of friends so i can test out many of its features	I really love Google Wave~	hhhmmm      its must b rocking	Google wave allows for instant viewing and use of items not available in IM (documents  charts etc )  The concept is awesome  and its not there yet  but soon	Google Wave is amazing! but Im learning how to use and I need more friends   XD	Embedded in my site it looks cool but no user ctrl=to risky to deploy http://www involvednews com/Science and Technology/Technology/Google Wave/google wave html	I think there is some real potential replacing e mail  But they need backwards compatibility and a standard for others to base on	It is interesting  I like its IM/Email thingy  I think Google needs to open it to all by next year	fuckdup web browser :)	hey maamam it amzing	i love google and these each service	Like it at the Beta stage  Maybe when it becomes rock solid  will love it! Google rocks always anyway!!	Google Wave  is a revolutionary way of communicating  But its no replacement for Email  Its far from it  Currently Wave is just another new Social Network	Probably still lack a rework of the organization (youll have small informal messages with highly polished Waves all together)	I will more than likely upgrade my review on this but as it stands right now there is not a lot going on Google Wave   More content needed	I love it but it has a long way to go it needs to be more intuitive thank God for forums such as http://www waveletforum com   much needed help!	Realy nice service  I love the way u can mix functionality like posting a tweet  a blog and how you can start a conversation between more than 2 people	Cannot wait to see this service take over the world	Google Wave has the potential to make work fun  not the other way around	I really like Google Wave!	Currently theres not a whole lot you can do with it  It does not deserve the hype  and maybe itll have potential later but now its just fluff	I loved t  but I need friends on it to really test its potential  Here is my Google Wave address: CCEJean@googlewave com	I like the idea of Wave  but have found no friends who have accounts   So far  Im just waving at the air	yes i like it but it ignor indian ppls	I have been using it to co ordinate team projects and everyone loves it  Has a way to go  but its amazing!	Excellent for projects and collaboration where teams are distributed indifferent cities and contintents  Finding it difficult to convert some people tho	Quanto mais usarmos  melhor nos comunicaremos  O futuro surfa na Google Wave!!!	Has potential  but I cant stand extremely slow interface	Nice try  but i dont think this is gonna start a revolution	good  very good thing :)	The best collaborative solution ever!	Love it! Really excited to see how people start using it	http://www atfyi com http://www atdirectory com http://www allarcades com http://www greensboro at http://www squidoo com/listingdirectory http://www look	I love the idea of it  but think alot of people dont get it  Google need to promote it more!	Google Wave has so much potential   The trouble is getting an Invite  I managed to get mine by going to http:  waveaccess webs com	http://www atfyi com http://www atdirectory com http://www allarcades com http://www greensboro at http://www squidoo com/listingdirectory http://www look	got into early   still think its developing; can see it making a dent w/i the corporate world;non corp  not enough bandwidth to appreciate   slow adoption	Getting more into Google Wave  But its fiddly  UI needs to be smoother  Makes a big difference testing with purpose  than testing for fun  Seems more stable	Its a nifty tool  Havent used it much yet  but convenient for a few things that require collaboration with easy saving/editing	With time  this could replace email  but it needs time to mature and have a developer community grow before it gains widespread adoption  Best for collaboration	It will never be like Gmail until it builds on gmail (i e  incorporates non wave email communication )	now if only more people started using it	its been quite a while ive been using this with my clients and collegues  works like a charm for collaboration and communication / info sharing	An amazing collaboration tool that you can use with your co workers to communicate in real time!	It has big potential  but it is a year or more from replacing anyones email	I prefer all of google products  but Wave are still hard to understand to me  if someone want to help me about this send me invite on sreckomikulic@googlewave	An incredible idea but still a long way from people understanding its true potential I feel  perhaps when the APIs are more fleshed out	Google Wave is definitely the new wave of next generation communication	if more people used it it would be awesome   Now though  its just confusing	I love google wave	Very advanced for our time  wait some years and you will see    I think it will revolution the internet!	Another promising masterpiece from the big G  Im sure ill love it even more once i get used to its features	Google owns your entire lives and ALL your personal information  You have no concept of all the evil behind this corporate monopoly  Such sad  misled sheeple	Ever want to e mail  chat  blog  wiki  all in one? now you can	I found this excellent Google Wave Community site  http://waveaccess webs com  Got my invite within the hour	I like it    but not sure I fully get it yet  I feel it needs a way to let me know when I have new waves    or maybe this is the wrong approach	its a bandwidth hog!! and a resource hog!! bad google	Like it  but there are only a few ppl around there	Interesting  but I dont see much value in it  Its just an experiment right now	Neat  but needs to be more available on 3rd party services before I use it daily  It was nice to use it in a classroom environment  though	Wave made me realize how great Gmail is  Good work  google! Im sticking to gmail	its ok  I cannot see what all the hype was about and why people were paying for invites   maybe its because I    just dont get it	I truly tried to use Wave  but the problem is that I  just like many others  do not really get the idea behind it   GOOGLE  needs to further develop it	Google failed to make a case for it so far  To me  Wave is just over hyped instant messenger that nobody may ever be able to comprehend	Im still committed to it  Theres lots of potential left  Maybe marry it to Buzz?	Lots of potential  and lots of work to go before this is something Ill love  I look forward to the day I can love it	A very neat idea but needs vast major improvements  There is a lot of potential to this application but will take time for it to improve	Great  but missing out on some features	Definitely has a lot of potential  but nothing is missing  Great product  easy to use  really useful  Still  it may take some time to improve it	lot of potential  lot of lag  lot of not everyone uses it so i wont too	Really cool idea   I hope it takes off	good idea i hope it becomes the new windows live	Love the app but not enough users on it yet	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Need more connections with it  But over all it has a lot of potential like everyone else is saying	Mostly useless  but when its useful  its really useful  Collaborative design seems to be its niche	its ok  but i agree: more for work collaboration  i used it a lot for a couple months	I like it personally and I think itll take off once it get into the mainstream	Cool concept  but it needs a LOT of work to be actually useful  Pretty user unfriendly  Could be awesome once theyve done more work on it	Will be more useful when it is released to public!	I like it for its collaborative document editing feature  but whats different from Google Docs ? Will be more interesting if deployed in my company Google Apps	I still havent found a way to use it  but I like it none the less  it has a lot of potential	Hi  this ist my first time using wawe	Its useless without very many contacts  otherwise itd be awesome!	great platform for being connected	please invite me (amanda orangejeruk@gmail com) thanks   :)	I have been playing with this the day the developer beta became available and its great for comment boards on websites and forums but in a stand alone app no	I really want to use this app more  but it doesnt seem to be getting any traction  Would love to see integration with Gmail	could someone please send me an invitation (nawheele@gmail com) thanks so much!	anyone has an invite left? would appreciate it	so much potential but no one i know uses it so :/  hey ill give an invite for a follow here :D	bagus  tapi mungkin terlalu kompleks	send me a google wave invitation please  felipe andres sanchez batallas@gmail com		
337181	My blogging platform of choice	Check out my blog @ http://blurthelines typepad com/	Typepad is functional and works well for custom domains  It has built in SEO  cheap pricing  and good design options  Quicker and easier than WordPress	Just started now  its begining but i started liking it http://www fashno com		
514309	it makes twitter so much more enjoyable probably the best twitter app there is	Turns Twitter into something like Facebook  Kind of defeats the 140 character / brevity advantage of Twitter  And they reportedly censor   not cool!	I like the @replies in every profile  Also  is very useful the shorten link  daily question and photo features  The bad is that I cant create groups	u like this  cengjeng  ceng  jetjetjejt		
517813	This is the greatest tool for making your online content shareable	Easy integration  versatile sharing options  complete customization	great social networking companion	A must have for those of us that enjoy and want to easily share content to our favorite social media hubs  a 10/10 from me	This very great app :D	I use it daily :)		
338262	Keep in touch with friends by installing GFC on your site  The widget brings up icons of all the people connected on that site so you  can see whos online	Friend Connect is constantly getting better	I have been using if to help promote my blogs and website  My blog here has generated alot of traffic from frienconnect http://anything4lessonline blogspot com/	Facebook Connect is so much more useful	I think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is		
392368	Amazing CMS  You can build any site with this	Using drupal to build my website  http://www matthewbreuer com	Love it (even though I actually havent used it yet)	Brilliant framework  Simply the best CMS out there	A great CMS  Very flexible and powerful	Very flexible  with a smart  generous  hardworking community   For a simple blog it was easier to install and tweak Wordpress though		
338386	I use it for everything: schoolwork  my own writing  and I absolutely love all the options for spreadsheets  presentations  and documents  I use it daily :]	google docs are great  and free  and always accessible  take that ms office	free  shareware over the internet    and compatible with MS and Open Offices   :D	Im a google fan  have been for years  I like being able to have certain docs stored online for easy access for myself and others	Its a good place to store my documents so I can access them easily	I dont need something with as many features(and annoyances  in my experience) as word  Google Docs is very simple  and its cloud based  which is nice	bagus  tapi masih perlu pengembangan		
336879	a horrible creepy website with a shocking privacy policy	For what it does  it does well  (Side note: this is my first iPhone blip!)	I really love the site  although it might just be the sweet virtual bookshelfs you get!	Excellent site with an excellent community  It does what it says  and quite well  Keep track of books youve read  own  want to read  want  or get suggestions	a great way to get motivated about your reading	Good for online shelf  Appearance wise this is the best of the virtual shelves  Clear cover pics and fancy cases	A beautiful way to display your book collection on the internet	I like their interface  but I wish they support RSS for books in my shelf  Their community features could also use some tuning  Its still a great website thou!	Ive just discovered Shelfari and I love it  I will move my collection over from My Bookshelf  I just hope it stays free	Just got on  and I love the concept and the interface  Brilliant idea	Great way to keep track of your books  the beautiful interface is a plus as well	Blippr is better  cus it has everything	great one for book reader   viva reading	Been on two years building my shelf  made wonderful virtual book club pals	Pretty good application  I just started building my shelf	A great way to plan out what you are going to read next and see what you have read before  You can also make some good friends in the process	I like Shelfari  have been a user for over a year and love the improvements they have made over time   An iPhone app would easily make this review a Love It		
337843	Just started using it  but so far its awesome	Met the creators of Yoono  Got a free tshirt  Real down to earth people!	I use it daily :)	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	One of the best crossplatform app!	sasatung yoono  hu  like star		
336764	Great messenger  if not a little limited by its protocol usage	I dont use it all the time  but its a really nice app when I do	Has easily become my favorite instant messaging program over the last year or so   Cant remember the last time I bothered logging into another	Its alright  wish it had screen sharing and copy/paste graphic support ;)	Being able to chat within Gmail is great   Blackberry App is a memory hog though	1st Jabber client I used  and good enough at what it does  but I dont have a use for it over other multi protocol IM clients  Good app  but not for me anymore	Very nice    Only setback is few people (I know) use it	Nice and simple but its Digsby for me for its integration of all the services I use   If those services in Gtalk then Id swap  : )	I use Gtalk everyday  it never fails	I like their drag and drop support	Simple and Fast with great features!	Very useful tool  I use Gtalk everyday  is nice and simple and also emoticons are nice! Is my favourite instant messenger	I use the non Labs desktop client and it rocks  Use the call feature to talk with family   Searchable conversation history in Gmail is really handy	i like it so much but we still wait for more improvements	Clean/simple/reliable   Unfortunately  i cant get anyone to join Google Talk! DAMN MSN!!	Nothing here that other chat clients dont already do better	like others have said  theres not much special to it  the one nice thing is it connects to gmail automatically  But IM is 10 years ago	Its a great communication tool  its better than the msn	The desktop client is terrible but the talk on gmail is great	Most of the time I see it  its not working properly  Stupid	Pointless  Not innovative  Yet another instance of Google trying to butt in where Microsoft and Yahoo! rule	Gtalk help alot around the office and in my home life  Staying connected with people is really what its all about  Get connected through gtalk!	If you want chat in your browser  get meebo	Back when I had a PC  Gtalk was my main IM client  I cant wait till theres a mac version	Only Windows  Puuuu  But the accounts actually use XMPP/Jabber	good  use it on Blackberry and desktop  would like video chat to be incorporated as is in chat from GMail	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Just doesnt appeal	the UI for gtalk is REALLY BAD     There is no function to say    Let incoming message blink on the task bar until I am ready to read it    it just pops up!!	huh  bcause u  i can dance already babe !	kurang fitur dibandingkan aplikasi lain		
390505	Loving the copy/paste (finally!)   Spotlight is awesome too	Cant enough of the new OS   search  cut/copy/paste   finally!	Im a huge fan of push notifications and landscape for my emails! Finally!	Love it!!!!  iPhone has come of age!	I am finally able to type emails with two thumbs!	the voice memo app  looks slick  landscape mode for all native apps! hurrah!	It seems glitchy to me    I was hoping for improved performance  but it`s even slower now  Oh well :)	Seems a little slow  Is it just me? Nice to have Copy/Paste  Spotlight is cool!	i wish i could trade my old iPhone in for a new one  my screen freezes up and prevents me from enjoying the new update!	Love it  but the backup is too slow!	Its as Apple had described but more  Although the missing features found only in iPhone 3G S has convinced me to upgrade http://tr im/oDB5	eh  i was hoping for more  slower  over hyped  2g phones not really considered   no compass  no v command  spotlight and landscape are essential tho	I really like being able to copy/paste  Also gotta love landscape mode for all native apps  Push notifications are good too but still seem a little glitchy	Spotlight is great  Find my iphone as well !	copy/paste and text forwarding  No more retyping lengthy addresses :o)	Get implementation of the search function   Its just a scroll to the left  from the home page	MMS is not enabled at all (no icon or anything in text) for AT&T Cust  will it come in an update?	love the new features  cant wait to play with it on my new 3G S!	I cant say i love it because i think they should have gave us the Voice Control app to all and not only to 3Gs What can i say  its free  cant complaint more	only wish AT&T would get off their ass and enable all the features!	Great cut and paste  search options and landscape emails and messages  Quality on sound record excellent  Thanks Apple : )	So far    horizontal texting and emailing  new photo features and voice memos are awesome  even on my first gen iphone!!	Loving the search page  loving SMS in landscape  been cutting and pasting like a mofo	Only adds features which other phones that cost half and were sold a year ago already had	Copy and paste  landscape  better camera! Fanstastic!	Features which should have been in version 1 0 & it wont install on my WM6 1 phone :)	tethering for the masses! hell yeah!!!	I dont get the premium price for features that have been around for years on other phones	been waiting for it all day  love it!	Cant beat it  Works as advertised	Finally  the iPhone gains much needed functionality that brings it almost on par with every other phone on the market	My favs:  the new Spotlight (search) options and copy & paste   Im STILL going through all the small changes	Its getting there  but perhaps feels a bit stale   Spotlight search is the best though	like it mostly   but 3G wont stay connected now   keeps going back and forth between 3G and EDGE   ICK	its wonderful! like a whole new iphone if you have first gen like me	Everything missing to iphone is know available	It was great having copy and past	Pretty much negates any need for me to jailbreak my iPhone   For Now	Just an update but a useful update at that  Apple Rocks	digging the copy/paste  but wish the hover bubble was more like hover arrows so you could determine exactly how many characters youre back tracking through	   the best iphone software me made   youll love it! :D	Never used the previous versions  but 3 0 does more than I ever though a phone could do  With th right apps  the features like the compass become essential	Programming for the iPhone is much easier now   if only theyd make memory management more transparent	As a first generation Apple iPhone user who upgraded to the 3G and then 3GS  the OS 3 0 brought so much new features which took the platform to a new level!	One of the best updates for iPhone and iPod Touch! :)	Do you want to post images to your blog in my Japanese blog?	Adds many great features and improves existing ones		
337059	Love it   Love being able to see places Ive been and showing them off to others	Just on of the most useful apps ever	dont use it as much as one might think I would  use Google Maps online much more	Lots of fun and interesting to see the rest of the World   Very  very useful	Im waiting for the day when Google simply doesnt blow my mind  Google Earth vastly went beyond anything I had expected of it	Really fun to visit all the places in the world  The graphics and 3 D reprentations are great	Its really good idea but Im always scared with the over expose features which can make criminals to get information easily Seriously consider this  !!!	Great! Quite Large  but Simple and High Quality!	THE BEST  MAPPING SOFTWARE   i cant believe i  can see my homes satellite   pix    its awesomely good :)	Its beautiful  plain and simple	Im addicted to Google Earth; its like a videogame with no loser	i love flight simulator on google earth  I also like the addition of mars  day/nite  mars  sky and all that  great stuff	So freaking cool! Download a copy and go explore your planet  Be sure to check out the topography  too  Mount Everest is really hard to find  though	great for finding places  and stalking pmsl!!	See the world from your door step   know where youre heading to and with street view   guess I cant lost as easily now   Just need to plan ahead	Greatest thing since sliced bread!	Pretty friggen awesome	Google Maps is a tool  Google Earth is a toy  I like zooming around the globe  but I honestly cant find a real use for it	For the US  the pictures are awesome  For Thailand  you can barely get a feeling of the neighborhood  but its certainly more fun to use than GoogleMaps	Good  solid app  Fun and easy to use	Has many features  Including a trip around the galaxy!	I like the google earth But i wan to see my home side sectar i cant see it	Cant remember what I did before! Tremendous tool for realizing how the planet is not that big and were all very similar	Its fun  Im not sure how its very useful  But its fun	love the gratuitous shots of pasture	its really spectacular but i am looking forward to even more so   esp  when i can afford the prof  version	Great Program      Very Cool!!!!	The perspective is wonderful  Just like Beth Midlars song God Is Watching Us	I love Google Earth   Another awesome Google creation!	Really fun to play around on  and useful as a map as well	I use it to give directions   way better than a map!!	Fun to browse around on and its tools are great	Great entertainment  Dont use it regulary though	This is one of the coolest things Googles done  I use it for finding where I need to go  scope out places I need to be  and just find neat things in the world	It is very fun to play with  and very cool for a map program as well  I like finding new places with it	Amazing project  There are no words to thank people that made it  It is outrageous	How could you not love being able to explore the world?	Sometimes I having fun with this program  Looks great on the widescreen monitor	A good way to waste an hour or so when youre really bored!	A good way to explore the world	If you love looking down on the world Google Earth was made in heaven for you	Who doesnt love Google Earth?	I love google earth  With all of its options and layers you can have fun  and really do more than just find your house  I enjoy the Panoramio feature!	Very cool  but pointless for daily use	So awesome  And makes planning trips fun!	It isnt exactly useful because most of the time Im wasting time using it but Google Earth is nonetheless really cool!	great way to waste time (cool too)	wasted hours on that globe	YAY!! I CAN SEE MY HOUSE FROM HERE!	very very exciting with this applications great	Awesome  Again  its hard to believe to live without it  However  the linux client doesnt feel really native  Still nice to have one!	Let me tell ya  you can just about find out where exactly a person is and see them!  I love it!	Its so cool the way it zooms in  as if youre flying! I used it to map part of a cemetery	Travel the world while in your pajamas!  Great satellite images combined with 3D models!	Looks cool  The 3D and street views are neat  but it tends to lag	its definitely neat  if you want to check it out  personally i dont have it installed on my computers though	Do not know better analogues	waaaayyyy tooo slow  nice idea  bad realisation	Love the Google Earth  Its fun and every one should get it	Fun to use  just not all the time	cool app  but more of a gee wiz thing then something youd use daily   Google Maps  more efficient	Google Earth is a fun application that makes Google Maps feel a lot more realistic   There is just so many GEO features you can use with it   Love it! =D	Isnt it great to know that you can see a yak on top of a mountain in the Himalayas while sitting in your armchair?	It was a very entertaining when it first came out but it can get boring after	Very cool app  With third party hardware/software it just gets better!	A fun application with a lot of practical uses	if only they had it in my high school geography	Words cannot describe how amazing this application is  who would have thought I would be able to check out the world and zoom right in just from my chair!	I use the iphone app all the time  The detail is amazing	Kind of a toy  Doesnt do much more than Google Maps  Could be clearer how to overlay information	Great  helped me a lot    Amazing pictures	maps is enough  never needed earth	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	A great map  but compared to maps  there is no reason to spend time downloading and installing	i enjoy virtually touring  taking screenshots  then editing so it looks like a painting  very fun	unless someone comes out with something better  this is the app of choice! :)	Fun and cool    but I dont know how useful it is	Its great  and the flight simulator is very addictive	Love it by why do we need the separate application they should just integrate all the features into google maps	serasa menjelajahi dunia		
336762	I love when I have it plugged in  But when I dont  I hate it saying I need to update  Argh!	Im a Flash Developer  so gotta say I love Flash :)	Could be better  Wish it didnt sap the processor so much  But where would we be without it  Its a big component of http://iMapWeather com	What a way to be LEAN :)	Well ya kinda need it nowadays  ; )	Being a Flash developer  I have nothing bad to say about it  :) Too processor intensive  Thats it  Really	Please  bring on HTML5! Flash causes the vast majority of crashes on OS X  It slows the system down and is generally horrible	It gets the job done  I cant wait until we do most of what Flash does nativly in the browser	Seriously? The innovation of the web at its best	Great application but websites shouldnt use it as their whole website	Could someone please develop a better Flash program for the Android phones?	It works  but HTML5 is better for video  Also  its a piece of crap on 64 bit linux  Thanks for crappy linux support Adobe! Thanks for no SVG in IE8  Microsoft!	Good for animations  but NOT FOR WEB!!	Good  But needs to much effort	85% of Alexa top 100 web sites use Flash	Great to build games  The idea of having it on the web is incredibly stupid just adding a useless component that can have its tasks completed other ways		
336760	A great service that is very helpful when finding new apps to try!	A great idea  wonderfully executed by an exceptional team	Recently discovered this web app & very interesting it is too  Some nice stats  Though I feel the novelty may wear off after a bit  EDIT: Good discovery tool	Its Last fm for software  Tracking works well  but recommendations need to be more intelligent (e g   I obviously dont need Hotmail if Im using Gmail)	This is a great tool for seeing which apps and pages you use the most  as well as for finding new ones to match your style!	I use it and I like it  I found some great sites  just by seeing other users use them	Great way to see alternatives to applications you use day in and day out	sgood for finding new apps and getting updates	Great idea  site and software	not that important if u r using plip its enough	its really helpful if you need to reinstall you system  you have a list of what you were using	one of the coolest social networking ideas	Interesting to see how long you use your software for etc	blippr is better  but this is automated	After a year of membership i can tell  its good to see your statistics  You will be able to read your habitats related to your computer usage with softwares	Awesome statistics and software recommendations tracker!	Its make all my passion about digging new app worth		
337177	Great little plugin  The external player management is what I first used it for  but providing a inline flash player for any in page MP3s makes it a winner	great plugin  easy to twitt your song  easy to control your player from firefox and thunderbird	I use Fire fm to listen to Last fm so never seen the need for this	I love it! (Especially the latest version  but it wont broadcast to FriendFeed)	YAY no switching windows!	Its nice that you dont have to switch windows		
384992	A new Twitter client  with nice UI	Good looking Twitter Air application that makes it easy to filter through all incoming tweets  I might even stop using Twhirl	using the desktop client version  turns out viewing only one column at a time is preferable  especially if youre following links to your browser all the time	using the desktop client version  turns out viewing only one column at a time is preferable  especially if youre following links to your browser all the time	The best twitter application for following reasons: 1) its grouping  now what Twitter has already implemented as List  2) its easiness and effectiveness and etc		
337174	Great site for web 2 0 media  news  reviews  beta information and much more	The most useful guide to navigate the Social Media landscape  period  (Full disclosure: theyre our parents  so Im biased )	A great guide to using Social Media   One of my favorite blogs!	great site to keep up to date on the newest web 2 0  But really  I sign up for way too many sites	If you are going to follow one Social Media guide  this should be it	I cannot express in words how much I love Mashable! Its the first email I open when I get to work and it takes priority over the next 30 minutes  Best source	Good site  well theyve bought this site so gotta say I like them  ; )	Full of resources about web 2 0 and usefull article  Subscribed to its feed	Im proud to blip about Mashable on blippr  Working at Mashable is not only the best job Ive ever had  but the most rewarding  Mashable Rocks!	if you want to know something about Social Media  this is the place to go   an absolute abundance of useful information   not sure what id do without them	The best place on the web to find news about Social Media	love it   mashable rocks	Mashable is THE BEST social networking website	Mashable is a tremendous resource	Has give many good tips for different social networks and blogs  I Like it!	Love it  one of my favorite blogs!	The best source for all your web addiction needs	mashable has the cutting edge social media news i crave!	Ooo  guys  this thing really connects all of my needs!!	my current favorite  solid	This is alos a great resource for Recruiters also!	Mashable has been a great source of info  I am glad Leo had him on TWIT	Went from like to love   Great site  I want more	Not a bad blog for the socialsphere of the internet	Mashable  LifeHacker & TorrentFreak is my 3 MOST Fav  Blogs :)	Why is it that no matter how much I search for something  I always end up on this site?  Its awesome  thats why	ALWAYS cutting edge   always cool and = useful info	Looks pretty good	I havent been subscribed to Mashable! long  but so far I really like it	Im continually impressed at the level of  personalized professionalism of the site and the constant stream of useful information   Im hooked and referring	Finally someone has put it all together   As a neophyte to Social Networking for our nonprofit Foundation  this report and survey is refreshing / understandable	Great stuff   Useful discussions and tools  Keep it coming	Wonderful useful list  Id never find works like this	One of my top sources  if not the top source  for all things Web2 0  Awesome!!	Awesome App  good job!	Mashable makes me tingle	Current version crashes constantly when you load an article in the internal browser  Needs serious work  This is long after the initial rollout	Mashable has almost everything I love about Social Media Sites and software  and News  and     and     Read  Learn  Discuss  Use  Repeat!	My favorite source of information for the latest and greatest apps	Great information source about social media	Main source of info	Interesting News Source	I get some interesting ideas from it! Thanx!	This is great   I just web space off godaddy  started a blog  and learned the value of RSS feeds (which is how I found out about this offer!) Perfect timing	As a newbie  the articles & tips r so helpful & a necessity in my day to day social network planning @ work and for me  Thx so much for this Web 2 0 book offer!	I got the latest social media information and news via this website  My 1st web to browse every morning!	Simple Web 2 0 interface that provides all the there is to know about Social Networking	my favorite site for social media reviews and recommendations!  excellent resource	The only issue is they write too many articles a day  which it makes a RSS no so attractive	Just recently got into this site and like it so far  Loving it will take some time  Lets see in 6 months what i say then	GREAT  even if you got me by a follow & unfollowed soon as I followed back ; }	Great articles   Ive discovered lots of cool tech sites from this blog (including blippr)	Discovered it thanks to a friend   Clean Interface  Some Great articles  Im a fan	Super informative  well written and cutting edge  One of my fave industry sites	Mashable is definitely my Social Media Bible	Finally found a site to digest what it is and where it is going   I can now make intelligent choices and make events work for me  not the mystical or	great site to find the cutting edge of the social media knife	If you like reading articles about Twitter & Susan Boyle then Mashable is your one stop shop  ; )	Your post is very helpful  I never saw social networks in this light  Thanks a lot for this  I believe the book will beat my expectation  Once again  thanks	love it   best place for social media and tech news	amazing resource for creative marketing ideas   i would even go so far as to say its probably in the top 3 websites to cover mashups and visualization of data	great site for all things social media	A really useful site with some great information which led me to Blippr!	Keeps me up to speed on social media sites and business activity	This is a great place to see what is going on in the social media world  It is helping me better understand how to use these tools	This site does an excellent job teaching and informing about the emergence of a very important industry	Tons of good info there  a must everyday read	Mashable has great information  but its updated way too often  Id much prefer it focus on more important stories more than just posting everything	I like this site  Very useful news about social networking	Lots of good stuff  Lots of good starting points for further inquiry	It has a lot of useful information	Mashable is relevant & well written  A great resource for bloggers & marketing professionals  Can count on it to cover the latest in the Web 2 0 world & beyond	Its one of my main resources for social media news  lists and howtos	I am amazed at what Pete does with Mashable   Im really impressed and always find very interesting things to read   Learn a lot every day	Mashable is in my group great information  Keep it coming	I always enjoy Mashable! Good info!	Great resource  Im constantly visiting it to find out how to or know something new bout the mashable wrld  Thanks Pete!	Pete  tell me youre not the only one with access to your Twitter account  Or say that your fingers are on steroids  Explain  somehow  your incessant tweets!	Cant make it through the day without a lil Mashable!	perfect source for the daily drops of socialweb info =D	Look forward to the informative tweets every day!  Petes picture is always worth waking up to as well	Mashable is my favorite resource for keeping up with social media	I often find the comments  tips and links to articles very useful  cool   Keep them coming	A great way to keep up with whats happening with the social web and modern trends  and a good mix of other interesting and fun news too	Very informative  You guys do a great job digging for relevant news	mashable supplies the social media electricity to the world   relevant & reliable knowledge for supporting the new economys analysis and decision making@itbay	Your are doing great  However you are spamming us on Twitter  Please be a little more selective	tolle Seite   vielen Dank	Good blogging  No  really	I dont know how I survived pre  mashable!  It is both entertaining and informative!	Informative social networking blog  I especially enjoy their toolbox lists!	most all articles by Mashable are of superior content   or just plain awesome~!	This site is NICE I love research and learning new things and I could spend hours and hours on this site learning about new things	I really love this  My eyes are being opened by the minute here  I so want to know more about how to market myself     send me a book!	Mashable is a must for anyone who is interested in the social media buzz! big fan	Best for social media info	Quality website  Social media news at its best	The most valuable site so far for social networking marketing information  savvy in the extreme	I absolutely adore Mashable! I love that they stay on top of the social media frenzy  keeping us s m addicts sane!	Great site and real time relevant  Helping us newbies understand the inter workings of iT!	great blog for social media	Stay social tuned !	Love the site so far  Ive learned a lot about social media and look forward to coming and reading new posts	Geat site! learned alot about social marketing	Absolutely relentless at broadcasting/twittering the latest social marketing news	I have to get it straight to my phone so I know whats happening all the time   Short & sweet	Great social media news & advice  Learn something new about marketing  branding  & emerging web and social media tools    every time	I think there is a interest site for see web resources www mecacho com	Awesome stuff   looking forward for it	Mashable rules   A primer  with glossary+graphics and executionable directions would be a great home page addition	TONS of information here  its going to take me a long time to even read it all! Mashable is well designed and full of helpful content  A+!	Web 2 0 is still a vast tundra of possibilities in so many ways and while we are all still figuring it out  Mashable is happily our personal Tenzing Norgay	too good to be true :D	One of the best sites Ive found  check it daily	One of the best social web and technology blogs	Amazing  A huge amount of useful and interesting information re: social media yet not overwhelming as other sites often are!	Awesome articles every hour	i just get access to this but its really nice	THE source for everything regarding social media	This fledging marketing subsector isnt difinitive and therefore is scattered without Mashable and the likes	def  a very helpful site  on it almost every day	Great example of good  relevant blogging	good stuff here jen  I must confess I do like the early monday AM reads as they tend to have more perspective and length    cant wait till twtr news gets heavy	great social media site	Helps me find my way around the social media world!	by far my favorite blog	A great learning platform  and practical info for this past paced social network world	A great learning platform  and practical info for this past paced social network world	Very informative site  latest news & best blog subjects  One of my fav site to go!	Definitely the best social networking news site  Learned and discovered a lot of things from it	Great site for the latest news on Twitter and other social networking sites  always useful  always informative  always up to date	Up to date  clean interface  great content/news	Some of the best articles are on Mashable	My go to resource for online & social media interests!	Facebook > Mashable = changed how I do everything =D and tells me what I need to know to make everything flow	Good resource for social media news & info  Keeps me updated on the latest Twitter scams	Best bookmark youll ever save!	A great website to use for Twitter news	I follow them on Twitter for up to the minute social networking news	I use them for excellent  up to the minute info on Twitter and Facebook  Follow @Mashable on Twitter   youll find it really useful	Very useful for Twitter news! (And other stuff too  I guess :D)	My goto site for social media news	It has all the information of my interests now about social media    and more	hands down my most important source for social media news	Keeps you in the know when it comes to social media!	The first place to go to keep in touch with social media  What it lacks in design is made up with content  They should add more features and grow as a website	up to date  interesting and relevant	I am passing along your suggestions to my network	i like it! + i trust it! = I love it!  my thanks to all behind it!!	quickly became a daily read from the very first day!	Mashable is a reliable source and critique	Great way of keeping tabs on the bleeding edge!	This site keeps you updated everything social media  I discovered Blippr because of this	Mashable keeps me ahead of the social media game! Im so glad I found it! :D	Informative  A reliable source for the latest innovations and trends in social media	best source for media & interactive related news  period	THE resource for all tings social media	Best social blog  Definitely	the best web 2 0 blog	The ultimate source of trends in Social Media	My online resource for the social media	Breaking News  Gossips Babes  Rumors  Celeb News  World News  Technology News  Health News and Lots More	How can I not love mashable when it is the way I discovered blippr? =P	The gold standard  Hands down	Simply love it since I learned a lot from you! Thanx!!!	My go to source for all new media and tech trends	Love it  Best place for all my social media news  Its all I need!	Excellent source for Social Media stuff	Love it! Its so simple to use	Like the interactivity with Twitter  so easy  need to advertise live feeds much sooner  especially for Overseas followers	Since I started using Twitter  Im always reading Mashable  They have pretty good articles	Very informative  Keeps me up to date on all my favorite websites like Google and Twitter	The best site on the web right now for social media news  Cant live without it	One of the most informative sites on the web  Im hooked  http://cockybox com	Usually interesting  I still prefer TechCrunch for getting news first	best place to find out whats happening in the world wide web	I trust Mashable for my Web 2 0 and social technologies news  Although it does not work well with my Firefox  hrmpph	Alerting me when social networking goes wild	This is the #1 social media blog in the world!	One of my favorite blogs  very interesting and informative	Mashable knows everything first and always writes a great article on it!	great resource for startups	My everyday stop to learn the new trends of social medias  Thank you so much for this website	Mashables is a must read! The Wall Street Journal for Social Media and Web 2 0	the best source since newspapers get rare	Mashable truly makes my day   Everyday!	So far Ive read good info on this site	Great blog and keeps me in the loop with the Tech world!	Very good source of new media information and news! Keep it up!	Must read for social media addicts  Ive found some of the best web content from reading Mashable	great place to find info about the web	Good for Tech news	Pretty cool app    Im going to try it	Fantastic blog with spectacular information!	Great place to find all the information about social media	I learn sooo much from Mashable!	Blippr was a stroke of genius    Thank you Mashable!	A good informative service on web apps	new user love it	cool site i love it =D	Very good page if you love social networking!	It is one of my main sources for new software and keeping up with what is going on	Very good site  Lots of news about social media  High refresh rate	Always stop by to be updated	I follow it on Facebook  Has some pretty interesting articles  Always fun to comment on them	Social medias bible	Great resource for whats happening in social media	its informative and important for our keeping up with the ongoing changes in networking innovations  its good to be part of the discussion	I subscribe to Mashables RSS feed and check it daily  Good way to stay in tuned to the social networking landscape	Mashable is an integral part of my daily news feed	great site for the breaking tech stuff related to the web	I learn something new from Mashable everyday! Thank you!	Mashable understands that its not just about the existence of new technology/social networks  but the use of them thats cool	Wonderfully useful! I follow Mashable on Twitter and check the blog at least once a day for reviews  news and really helpful lists	Mashable is the best on the web  Everything in a nutshell	Mashable is like my subconscious mind  I always wantto check it first before I start to think	Fantastic site  Very educational with lots of how to s  Get it!	Mashable IS the SENIOR authority on Social Media!  Educational  informative  cutting edge & absolutely FABULOUS!!	I used to read the news  now its Mashable	Social Media site  always great items  :)	The quality has really dropped within the last months  Too much ridiculous rumours and iPhone news  Hope theyll get back to their roots	Good information on web 2 0 and social media	Lots  of relevant and new information for anyone interested in new media	indispensible for making sense of social media	Twitter is multi purposed  I love it!  Susan  http://EliteCustomGifts com	Awesome website the best about social media topics i check it every day	A unique and genuine idea  I love it :)	#EpixExperience mashable is awesome!	lots of useful information  written in a very nice way	thanks guys    learned a lot from this blog  :)	i see it  i love it  i use it	A great source of info at fingertips! Keeps me aware of all the latest  Thx!	prolly zi best    but big and scary	great info  use it with my clients	Love learning about social networking  reputable source of info about online tech	Great source for lots of internet news	A must bookmark site for those who are into social networking and news on all things electronic media	I think mashable is one of the best website around  love the User Interface	love mashable ive gotten great ideas and contacts for twitter	it provide us great info about latest stuffs  apps  sites  etc	The sites lost its focus as an Internet news site and posts crap that we found out about hours ago  without source  Once was a great SM news source  no more	The site has become like full of too much scrap from which we need to find good Stories  Only few stories are good others are just for the sake of filling space	Mashable is the best source for social media news	Like to check this site to inform me about social media news and developments	useful source of information	Greatest tech news!	I love Mashable!  This site has the most current and useful information that simplifies the overwhelming and chaotic interweb   Get web savvy with Mashable yo!	its honestly the best place to find info about things	I like it  very up to date news	Still the best news source for web2 0 news	Alongside TechCrunch  Mashable is up there in my top blogs to read  Its great for finding new information on some of your favorite social networks	Mashable is always on the cutting edge of tech news  products  and social media!	Excellent editorial team!	Great way and useful tool	I get all my news for internet and mobile phones from Mashable!!!!!	So much information  but even on high quality!	=D Read it every day on Twitter	This is the first time I have seen an explanation of what Mashable is all about	Daily reader and commenter   Best Social Media weblog on the Internet	   part of my daily ritual   =D  Get up  Mashable  Chai tea  Mashable  lunch  Mashable  dinner  Mashable   lol	Most awesome resource for social media and all things Web on the planet	Excellent source of social media stuff  required reading	excellent social media site	i love it  i read it everyday :) ArabCrunch partnered with them before :)	undeniably  one of the best blogs on social media! Im a daily reader!	Top dog for social media happenings  Often falls into the quantity over quality side of posting though	love mashable   very relevant and useful	 Another time  i shall give to you my opinion on it  after to have taken a little moment to see it very well  Okay  bye and next time !	http://www squidoo com/greensboronc	Definitely at the forefront of The Social Evolution	Excellent source of useful and interesting material  I recommend it to all	just a little deeper than other social media sites	The number 1 resource website for me for latest social media and techie stuff  although its a bit slow in loading sometimes  maybe its just my band with lol	its vry nyc yaar!	great for finding out what is happening in the tech world	Mashable is hit :) nice and interesting topics covered	Really great information	one word: WOW   These folks know how to find all that is going on in tech  GREAT GREAT resource	Mashable is great for a social media infant like myself	Very useful and a wealth of information	A one stop place for all you need to know on social happenings around the web!	A really useful guide to everything you need to know about Social Media	useful resource for all kinds of interesting topics for the web 2 0 age	Its replaced reading the morning paper for me	Very nice resource for a lot of stuff	Somewhere nice to add to my latest tweets	requires a learning curve but after that its nice	many helpful articles and tools	Recently got into it and its an amazing source of media!	best way to get a roundup	Am I the only one who simply cant GET on to Mashable? I cant load anything from that site at all!	Its most important source of info to me	Frequently updated with well written  helpful articles	Great website to visit several times a day	cool site  not sure why this is is posted in Apps	Best site for social media! Visit it a few times a week when I get chance :)	Great if not greatest micro blogging media hub  Always the latest trending & of debate  10 out of 10 from me	its ok  sometimes a bit woolly  sometimes bang on the money	10 out of 10 for me   The latest on social media trends and hot  spots in the web!!	Greatest blog on the net!	Best source for information online	This is one of my main sources of social media news  It is updated very often and is very resourceful	Very interesting and educational  latest reviews  news etc for me personally the best social media blog	Lovely blog  a lot of up to date information and all very useful  Id like to have it in Italian  but its perfect anyway	Great web news	best social media blog ever! if i could read only one blog on the entire net  it would be this one	Great news and comment  and some great functionality  Especially love ncluds new Mashable app  although some sort of mashable:// URL would be nice!	Mashable is an awesome way to keep up with what is going on with the Web	cool site  i think itll be useful to me : )	very helpful  cool content!	i love Mashable blog  nice social news	Mashable is very interesting web	i fuckin love this shit man	I love reading all the NEW stuff on Mashable  Stuff about BlackBerry  stuff about Social Networking  stuff !	many useful infos  Always up to date  Linked with any service (blippr  facebook connect   )	Offers content relevant to who is a researcher in social media  articles very elaborated on the main trends of technology and reliable sources	I love Mashable and like it  Great blog	Must see site for all social media related news and stuff	The best blog about social media	Such a brilliant website! So much so that it is my Homepage!  Love the Social Media News!  Follow Me  I Follow Back Fast! http://twitter com/PrayMaddyMcCan	The only goto blog for social media!	Social Media is a wonderful way to be connected  Mashable is usally how I start by day  I simply Love It!	The king of social media coverage UI great  looks sexy  SEO optimized  sharing is the best out of all news websites overall great job	A great place to stay in touch with the world   real or virtual !	My tech bible :)	The best blog in the world!	So much great info   yet easy to read and digest!!	Great place for tech and social media news!  Love this site!	=D =D =D =D =D =D =D    Huff Puff   MY FACE IS DYING!!!	My very favorite source for Social Media News and Entertainment	Mashable is the most amazing social media blog out there and I must confess that I honestly use this on a daily basis!	I Love Mashable please check out http://www derrickanders com	Really enjoy using Mashable	Ive used Mashable for Social Media research and it is INVALUABLE!	I go on the mashable com daily to find the scoop on just about anything		
451434	I love MSN Messenger  This was the first app I learned how to use in Internet and I still use it a lot	The most popular (?)  Use it daily for all international communications and video conferencing	loveeeee it  you can talk about anything hey	My RL friends use AIM  my online friends use MSN  Nice  but chats arent postable on bash org	Useless  proprietary protocoll  XMPP/Jabber/Gtalk for the win!	Useless  proprietary protocoll  XMPP/Jabber/Gtalk for the win!		
516754	Easiest shoppin on iphone ever!	They sell a fantastic assortment of goods  ranging from simple books  to milk  to sex toys  to fucking tanks	Great core marketplace  always competitive prices  very wide selection   Other vendors are exposed here as well  so the selection is vast   Prime rocks	My favorite place to buy stuff on the Internet  2 day Shipping is also free on all products in the Amazon warehouse due to I purchased Amazon prime!		
517725	Best IM service out there  highly recommended!	Best IM app for mobile period!!!	iPhone/iTouch verion is excellent   Mobile web version all that is currently available for Bberry is only fair   AIM buddies on mobile devices are not recognizd	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	bagus  tapi tidak kugunakan	Hohoho    Very easy    Almost everyday using it!		
577072	Interesting idea  A definite good first offering  though I think itll need to mature a bit before it can be a serious contender	I like this  but I must say this should be stand alone rather than being inside of GMail and lot of developments to done	Not sure the inbox is the right location though	i am trying google buzz from mobile  its awesome  now i can share my location and images instantly at google buzz  it recognizes my street address from map	tweets should appear momentarily and not 5 hours after they were written  they have to make a push twitter of some kind :) otherwise  its a good concept	Some think Google Buzz could be the next huge social platform	Nice  but with room for improvement  Given its immediate scale  however  I think people will find this a compelling complement to their social media addictions	I like it so much :)  its easy to use  and you can share news easily and call others to see it :) I love it	Just found Google Buzz  Giving it a try  linked my twitter  flickr and youtube accounts to it   I dont get it yet	Like it better than Facebook and twitter  but needs to improve usability	Need a =/ choice here  Dont really know if I like it or dislike it yet  The privacy faux pas was a major dork move tho  Surprisingly bad call on Googles side	Love having a social app in my gmail   but it needs a few more features and tweaks for me to love it	Its twitter with comments  but you have to change your email address to use it	@turi319: would you like to expand on that??? I think Google got it right  this is going to change social media for ever	a better tool than twitter	thanks google now i can finally share things with people via the internet	I am not yet convinced about the usefulness of Buzz  contrary to the hype about it  For one  it absolutely needs FB integration to capture my long term interest	its a clever way of bringing people back from Facebook inbox    I for one  will have to now take my google mail more seriously in order to use buzz	Its like Friendfeed 2 0! I love it!	Its a pretty good interface	Ignoring the opt out button? Bad move	Ainda experimentando  e sem entender muito bem	As far me using Buzz  I think it will have to be able to do and show a lot more for me to get excited over	lots of useful stuff  yes some tweaks will further improve it	It has its place in social networking  but its too hard to navigate and lacks too many features (like mute and collapse buttons) at the moment	im not enjoying the fact that even though i have a mostly private profile  its still asking me to create a public profile	A good concept but needs a lot of major improvements  The UI is nice and simple which is Google  It needs better twitter and facebook integrations	Google bosses have made an apology for breaches of privacy resulting from Buzz! Treat with caution until they resolve ALL these issues! Ive shut Buzz down!	like facebook twitter and friendfeed all rolled into your gmail	Great place for conversation  but needs a lot of work  such as lists and many other things Friendfeed has	So much better than Google Wave  I still think this wont be the Twitter Killer most people are expecting it to be	Didnt really appeal to me the way it was set  and with all those privacy issues    even Google thinks it wasnt ready to be released	As of now  I am not a fan  My opinion might change over time though	Ok  I get it  Buzz  I get it  I think       http://www google com/buzz/stevenaleach/4xJimLoeQMK/Ok I get it Buzz I get it I think Most of the	Nice service  It add some feature to twitter and with Gmail  you have all in one place	Destined for greatness (I hope)  No need to carve a new niche  just do it better than Twitter  and the user base is already there	Might win Twitter users	Initially  Google Buzz is devoid of all the nonsense that has become a mainstay in twitter  I think the convos and topics are a lot more informative	Like it   definitely has room to grow  and needs to in some areas  Potential to rival Twitter  but not yet	i try to combine twitter with buzz	Wish I had more time to check this out  I just want a nexus one  lol!	Useless social platform  At least Gmail on Google Apps doesnt have THIS!	Havent used it very much  but from what Ive seen  it seems very stable and well made  As with any Google application	This is much better looking than Facebook and doesnt have as mush down time	Although Google Buzz is still in its infancy  it does show huge potential  Somewhat useful as an aggregator  Privacy & security issues remain substantial	Its hard to tell right now  but the integration of several services in one place is potentially useful  I still post more Twitter updates than Buzz ones though	Trying to get it all figured out still  Not sure why the Buzz layer for maps is not available on the desktop  I plan on giving it a fair try	Like it  but it needs a little work still   Too hard following people that have a lot of updates and comments	I like it so far  HUGE potential  so plenty of room to Love it! in the future	Really like the integration with Google Reader  And since its Google  future APIs might actually work (as opposed to certain other social media APIs)	I like it so far but I think Google could really improve it in the next year  I cant wait to see what they come up with	Good to share and discuss about everything!	I am not a real fan of Facebook  so alternatives are always good  Buzz a but confusing & slow for now  but it has a good prospect to grow	Great way to discuss and communicate! Will work great with with FreezeCrowd someday!	Its a cool social tool    great talking to intellects rather than dummys all day on Twitter    lol j/k	Great and comfortable  Gmail and Social Networking all at one place	Nicely integrated with other Google services  but unfortunately not widely adopted  Yet	Buggy but interesting and encourages discussion   Love it	The potential of Buzz is immense  but Google have never been great when it comes to design and useability in my opinion  Ill still be using it though	Google buzz same as twitter	Just starting out with it  but the idea is great  Like the integration  We will see in a few weeks	yes  I like buzz  its freely talk it on time  also we are wedding dresses factory  custom made according to your measurement  www yrshopping com	Its just a copycat product  Im giving it a chance  but I dont see why I would use it over Twitter  with a lack of 3rd party clients and forceful integration	Its much better than face book  i prefere it too	Well nothing new in it  Also since its in GMAIL security risk	should never have put it within google mail  needs its own site before ill regularly use it	not relevant  not easy to understand  not following anyone I know well  not using it other than as a friendfeed automatic update	Site assumes you know how to use it  Needs getting started and clear BENEFITS to users  Also need a way to make profile public	Literally nobody I know is using it  As far as Im concerned they should rename it Google Crickets	Do not see the point in Buzz and all the buzz around buzz is giving me a buzzing headache :)	Not quite ready for prime time  but with time it will be compelling	Does it have a point? I use real email for work contacts  and message friends in other ways  so only have 1 buzz to pay attention to	Functionality  good   Privacy  bad  Hulk not like puny Buzz	Think its the root of all evil	It is annoying to see hundreds of comments that take up the whole screen for just one buzz	I havent seen a TON of difference between this and twitter other than you can post longer sentences and your profile is more accessible to strangers	I think google buzz will be better once people on google buzz talk about more than google buzz and whether google buzz is better than twitter or facebook	Its a bit shit  really	im not really a big fan of facebook and not on it  and im one of the people who left Buzz for privacy stuff  so for now im sticking with twitter	I am okay with facebook and stuff without Buzz   I found Buzz slightly confusing   great idea   maybe I check it sometime later	Its way too noisy  Buzz will eventually fade imo + hate the integration of several services in one place  This is a fail	I wish it would integrate with facebook and would update my twitter/facebook status when I buzz something	Cant see it catching on with FB and Twitter already doing this  Maybe useful for businesses but a bit late for Google on releasing this Want to be proved wrong	Interactive  instant and inimitable!	It is fine and is well integrated with Gmail and Google reader but is not a must use tool from my perspective	Massive invasion of privacy means Im too afraid to use it  Dont even want to use my googlemail anymore	Meh  Good infrastructure  very little thought given to user experience  security model  use cases  Dont let programmers design user facing services	90% of content is just syndicated tweets right now  Sorry Google  people just dont need one more digital distraction	Evil  Ignores privacy concerns  rushed to market and looks ugly  encourages piping feeds  and linked to gmail which I dont like or understand	Has lots of promise  needs better integration  needs Android app  makes Gmaps fun  glad Google is in the game	its not original  i already have facebook and twitter  what do i need google buzz for?	A future proof version of Twitter that will eventually link in with augmented reality Google Maps  Will be popular once average folk get it	It has just no added value for me  Totally unnecessary	Me too technology  what about Wave? Confusing & slow now	Its okay  Id be happier to see more levels of privacy as easy to implement as Facebook  But its nice in that its all plugged into the Gmail interface  Nice	Needs some work  Ill hold off for now	Buzzzz! Get me a fly swatter stat!	Trying to understand it but I like it	Buzz is messy and its still hard to find what Im looking for   Im giving them more time	Has great potential to rule the social networking world	no special reason to use it	not sure  Some I dont know who or why are following me  and I have no idea either how comes I follow people I dont know  lol  but quite funny so far	The Twitter feed isnt live; therefore  people are reading my 2pm tweet at 3 am	Intrusive  unrequested  redundant  Ill keep it (do I have a choice?) but its not very interesting	Its boring to look at and has an ugly interface  Getting Google reader updates is the worst	Not sure what problem I have the it solves	I like Buzz and I think well see a lot of improvements as we go along	Its a smart  strategic move on Googles part since it allows them to take advantage of their whole platform on Android handsets (duh)	Has advantages and disadvantages  chief among the advantages being such great integration with other google service	so far for me its no more than a kind of social backup tool  also dont like spamy privacy options	annoying/useless  a less user friendly and less attractive facebook wall	like all these social networks there is a learning curve but Buzz shows great promise still test driving and trying to collapse the overly long threads!	Prototype at best so far  Deleted it from Gmail after about a week   Will check back later to see if its more robust	It seamlessly works with the rest of my google stuff and the connections are savvy and helpful	I dont like it  It doesnt seem as user friendly or useful as other social media sites	I think it is the best of the social media outlets  :)	Too much content to sift through  not enough options for organization	The more I use BUZZ  the more I like it   Its SUPER!	So far Im using it a lot    looking forward to seeing where it goes	its too confusing   and its boring to scroll down to see so many comments and I hate my google inbox being flooded   I am a twitter fan as of now	I am finding it more compelling to use than Twitter	Being a social media g33k  Im hesitant to use it bc I already overload my friends networks across the board  Now info invasion in someones Gmail? Not OK	I am still trying to get used to it  But I am liking what I see so far  and I am sure that it will be improved	Like Google Wave  I think Buzz was released prematurely  Its not quite ready for prime time	Buzz is still new and a little slow so waiting to see how it evolves	I used it for about a week  and did not like it  Ive disabled it within Google email  I dont think that I will ever use it again  It is set up rather poorly q	Bad Start  Good Potential  Promising Future	Buzz allows you to share with people connected by What you Know rather than by the Who you Know of FB	Ive found buzz to be a nice promising alternative of facebook  but its still have a long way through	the best thing is see what your friends followers are talking in discussions	I like it but it gets kind of boring	Yet another half baked Google product like Wave  Can they stop thinking like programmers for a second and hire some real people?	I am liking the idea that I can share articles from my feeds to other users  The interface takes a little getting used to but its growing on me	Buzz: microblogging  blogging & conversation platform in one place  You call it HOME? maybe to some : )	Buzz  still rough around the edges  works well as a place to have actual conversations  Lots of nice grace notes  and improving daily	I like the idea of it how I can email  chat and tweet all in one window  but it feels 80% done and needs better privacy	Of all Googles recent innovations  Buzz is friendly   usable   truly interactive and useful out of the box	I had hopes for Wave  Buzz crushed my dreams	Dont really care one way or tother  Buzz   another social   zzz   media site  zzz   Im so excited   zzz   I can hardly stay awake   zzz   zzz   zzz   zzzzzzz	It has immense potential but for now its unwieldy & overwhelming   just like Google Wave  (yes  its still alive!)	The was never a need for Buzz  its just something else I have to empty now   Google  stick to search	The UX is weak and clunky  I find no real incentive to use it  and gmail is my primary email provider  So many other platforms do it better	I am indifferent to it  I have Twitter and Facebook already  Just another attempt at Googles takeover of the planet	I think it was a rush launch  Too much to improve	Like the integration w/ Gmail  Easier to share videos  photos & longer posts   Confident that Google will make improvements as they did with Gmail and Analytics	Useless !! It adds nothing since it relies a lot on existing services	More discussion oriented than any other social networking platform	It is very nice  but I would prefer a native iPhone & Mac application	Works for me: check out my take on the Buzz @ http://javier wordpress com	So far all my buzz is just a melting pot of other networks streams  Currently  all I find useful are the Mashable discussions	Can we create a conference room on it?	I dont like the UI   And since I dont use gmail  the tough UI makes me not even want to try to give it more of a shot  Ill stick with Twitter	Buzz is poised to take off in a big way   want Google to put the best  focus on this!	Obviously released into the wild a little prematurely  Needs lots of work	Just love all products from Google	I have been using it for several days and have been able to connect it to Facebook and Twitter  so my posts on Buzz can be seen there too  I am a HUGE fan!	Thinking about it    Im sure it will catch on but overtake others? Not sure; but then it IS Google!	I dont see how  in terms of value  its any diff  than using a mail list  except only to gmail users	Buzz is getting better  and thats a good sign  But it still has a lot of room for improvement  I dont think Google will let it die	Its good as a start but there alot of work needed	love it  its new and does need lots of work but im positive google will work out all the issues it has and make it a major player	Doesnt do anything that Twitter and Facebook dont  just another service to check lacking any original or special features (and some basic ones too)	its just so easy to use  but it would be nice to be able to use lists  because now its not very clear with all the posts in one big list	Talks about subjects that other people dont want or prefer us not to talk about  I appreciate the nice clean subjects  Nothing crude  either  Even corp s don	Still need a lot of work on the human interface level ( desktop client  more controls etc  )	Great potential for an internal comms tool in or company	I am a fan of Google apps  But since Google Wave I am getting disappointed  Google  please dont be anxious to serve us new untested products You can do better!	Interesting  powerful but messy (UI & all the stuff that has been discussed since the release)	whats the real use?	  Simple chat nice	Im still not seeing Twitter updates in Buzz  and am keeping Tweetdeck as my favourite location to track my social net feeds  Like Buzz ideal but still wk to do	Gmail contacts  Google Reader followers  Google Talk friends  Buzz followers  Latitude friends    all these contacts and settings needs centralised somewhere!	Thats what have been missing from gmail	I cant find a REAL use of it  since we already have Twitter and other services like it  GBuzz didnt bring anything new  and further more its very unorganized	Still needs work  but its a good start and its already in the most used web app the webmail   and google has already won there	I do not like that you can not shrink long buzz  with too many comments	Buzz  U need some extra stuffs similar to #	I like it   but it is just one more thing I need to remember to check  I definitely prefer the Buzz layout over Twitter though	The most social of the social tools currently available	go on it a lot but most of my friends dont have it so it gets a bit annoying	Its one of the best social networking websites Ive ever seen  Its just awesome as the concept of social networking and its linking with email is awesome!!!!	Once I had the time to configure groups to post to  it will be great to be able to filter to them:  its a much better version than that on Facebook	I adore Google Buzz and Ive already convinced 3 friends to join	But it needs improvement in the user interface	not so much right now  have hopes for it  It has potential	I like Google Buzz know I will like it when I understand it better havent used buzz much   ADD ms	I like google BUZZ  I am ON Google BUZZ	I love google buzz	like it  but theres still much to improve  many bugs =(	Great approach at social networking  Needs some improvement  but it is a new service  so Im looking forward for new features it will include in the future	It defeats the point of feed  which are concise bits of information that entice readers to dig deeper  Its a conversation ender not a starter	The integration of networking with email is awesome !	Finally  intelligent two way social communication	twitter is blocked in China while google enable us to keep in touch with the world buzz a new way of life	I love the social feed integration and hope this functionality continues to expand with additional services	Im sure its great  but as a Google Apps for Domains user I cant use it  Add to that the mess they made of authentication    Clean it up  Google!	Annoying & misses the point of micro publications that are a jumping off point for conversation that are also concise	Still not found a use for it   and when you follow more than a couple  you get lost  Facebook handles this sort of thing far better	Only suckage with mobile app is you cant attach pic to your buzz :/	I have to find out  This is the first time I see it  So   still unclear www flamingoservicesbonaire colm	It is too convenient not to love  especially for Google addicts	i love google buzz	its ok  hopefully will get better with time	Buzz bring me and my friends together; I would love this lifestream product if if were smart enough to distinguish between parallel RSS streams (in Beta?)	I hate people who never care abov their future Those who live as though theyll die only for today and never see tomorrow	hope it wont become a bluff	I used it a week  but seemed one of not that many    Twitter  facebook are simply too popular    Twitter already location aware and facebook will follow  march	It was stressing reading the number of unread buzzes under my inbox  It makes you feel like you MUST read them all  I rather go to Twitter when I feel like it	S A BEAUTIFUL IMPERFECTION WHICH BLUNDER DE CREATOR 2 DISCOVER IT	Nice  but with room for improvement  Given its immediate scale  however  I think people will find this a compelling complement to their social media addictions	Indifferent sums it up  Google trying to hit the social network but a failed attempt  Sorry Google	La verdad no me gusta mucho :S	dari sekian banyak produk Google  mungkin ini yang tidak kusuka	It feels awkward being all up in your email interface  Ive really tried to  but I just cant see email (professional social)  and microblogging as a couple	I like it better than twitter	Its good  but could be better   I dont get why they needed to make it if theres already Facebook  Twitter  etc   Its useful  though!	nice to use  good connected with gmail	Not sure of its potential yet  what makes it different from other social/media site   just redundant	nice feature for those who need to share something with their email pals but dont have any FB  Twitter  account etc	Easy to access  but a pain for trying to look through everything  Needs a better interface		
336748	Internet Explore not a brilliant choice for all the time	After making the switch to Firefox  using IE is like regressing to a beat up El Camino after owning a Mercedes Benz	IE7s not horrible  but theres no reason to use it when there are much better alternatives  I hope lack of standards support kills it when it loses majority	IE6 just overstayed its welcome from the 90s  being on every computer around  IE7  while better  still seems clunky in comparison to Firefox	Its just not as good as Firefox	Does the job  but its slow and annoying  IE8 is standards compliant  but I dont think its enough to save IE at this point	It has gotten better over time  but its still insecure and non standards compliant  Still  if youre a web developer  you have to at least test in it	A disaster  Stay far  far away	I still use it sometimes but from the time I started using firefox and then chrome I totally lost my interest on it	The Best Browser ever  Specially IE 8	The Best Browser ever  Specially IE 8	The very bane of my existence  Makes web developers around the world gnash teeth and wail in horror  So many other great browsers out there  why use IE? :(	By far the WORST web browser to use  Every time a website makes me use it I want to throw my computer out the window	Using IE to browse the web is like insisting on drinking from a muddy puddle despite freshly filtered spring water being freely & readibly available	Theres really better choices now!	Are you on crack?  Perhaps the browser for you then   If not  steer well clear!!	The security holes were designed into it on purpose  MS wanted to be big brother and know where everyone was  I am glad this is biting them in the ***	Use it once  To download something else like Firefox	No other browser has worse security than internet explorer  It also lacks addon support	I wish it would just die   Horrible interface  security holes galore  it just needs to go away	IE8 Beta was horrible  the final version (which I just got in Win 7 RC) is incredibly fast  Very impressed	Worst crap of shit ever  Ever	IE is the worst browser in the universe!	I really dont like it  In fact  I hate it  I do not see the advantage of using this browser over Web Kit or Firefox engine based browsers  FAIL	Worst browser available    At least until version 8	not as good as FF   Or Chrome   Or Opera   Avoid	Slow and buggy  Please  dont use it	The world would be a better place without IE	I would rather eat my own arm off thanuse this monstrosity to surf the web  Can I have salt with that finger?	It is the worst major browser  Safari  Firefox  Chrome  and Opera are way better  If you use it  stop and switch to another browser	Just    no  Microsoft  you fail	Dumped it ages ago  too big  too slow  lacks features   Even IE8 looks like it will never be used on my computer	The only good thing is that its the most known browser  therefore its hard to find a website that doesnt run on it	IE7 sucks and I never use it  There are so many more fulfilling and ultimately satisfying browsers out there   We utilize an internet of free choice!  Exercise!	Im forced to use this when not on my computer and it is terrible  Hate the tabs hate the look  Hate everything	Non web compliant  dangerous virus & spyware wise  slow and cumbersome  Sorry to anyone that does  but if you use this browser  youre a moron	trying to convert everyone I know to any other browser than IE	I dont remember a time when I did like Internet Explorer  When I first used the Web (1996) I preferred Netscape	Have to use it in the office  Slow  freezes up constantly  ugly etc  Sorry MS  Firefox and Chrome are by far better browsers!	I like it for a long time    until I started using FF	The newest version is ok  On Vista  it looks and works a lot better  Still prefer Firefox  even if is isnt as pretty	If it didnt bundled with Windows  I never installed it to my computer	epic fail  possibly the most annoying and problematic application ever created	They need a refresh badly  Sadly  some of us are forced to use this at our jobs	Its been improving  but its still way behind all of the competition  Only useful for poorly programmed webpages that dont work in better browsers	*twitch  twitch* make the bad man go away mommy!	As a nerd  I hate using it  As a tech support agent  I hate fixing it  As a web developer  I hate designing pages for it    etc	its annoying to code web pages for it	Pants pants and more pants  Typical of MS complacency  Late to market  Last to progress	Internet Explorer is a disgrace! It holds back new internet technologies	As a web developer IE is one of those things that make you want to punch a wall (or people who created it)	Bloated  Ugly  Not Customizable  Slow  etc	I use it only if I am forced to    Firefox is better!	I liked 3 0 and even 4 0 quite a bit but since then it has been a horrible browser  Too bad you must have it for some websites due to evil developers	I do web development   its wasted months of my life due to blatant disregard of standards other browsers seem to have little issue following	F@ck Micro$oft Tax  shittest things on the Tech world   Ballmer this for u [  |  ] Firefox & Chrome will eat u Fat Bu$terd :P now do the Monkey Jump Again :P	I think everyone should agree   !	Makes web design much less fun	Theyre always having problems with it  Does anyone outside the company actually like it?	Prepackaged fail   Only reason why I keep it on my computer is because of the stupid people who use it who I have to make my websites work for   So NOT secure	As a web programmer & xhtml/css designer  I have the IE hacks	This browser is a biggest mistake of the Microsoft and true hell for developers	Its terrible  Its the only program that doesnt respond on my computer  100% of the time  I hate when people actually use IE	Gets a very bad rep  but works fine for many peoples basic browsing needs  The security holes do need to be fixed however	It doesnt even conform to web standards  If it wants to make proprietary solutions/features  at least make the engine render the standards properly  then them	I use Linux so I think that answers the question of what I think of IE	Buggy and crash all the time	The whole thing with IE security holes is so misleading  FF has even more holes  Chrome has holes  They all have  IE is at least as fast and at least as safe	Maybe IE8 will change anything  but right now Explorer is just EVIL	Who wrote the good comments? bill gates?	hate it! Forcing crappy MS standards  and never up to date with the internet technologies used in modern browsers	the bane of any webdevelopers existence since the 90s	Unless you love popups  poor performance  and rubbish  switch to any other browser  The latest version is better but still lame	gives me nightmares  seriously  hate it  makes my job so much more painful	Each time I check my sites stats  I am disgusted to find IE at 70+%  I would sacrifice my life to have MS pre install FF on all Windows plateforms	Had its day  now just a pain in the ass	horrible  firefox much better	I dont know why this browser still exists	its just a load of bugs!	I dont like it  Its not fast on older computers but quite good on newer platforms  It has a load of bugs no matter the platform!	Buggy  slow and ever so s***  why do people even use IE? are they insane?	so slow that when i have to use it i can often open it  go make a pot noodle  and come back before its ready to work	IE6 was alright  but that suffered from Popups  IE7 was prone to crashes  but IE8 is absolutely gobshite  and unstable  get another browser!	Think on bad software	Hate it  A bundled crap  standarts non compliant (M$ tries to force their own standarts)  Even more I hate people who dont want to choose another browser	Good Brand But Unsafe	fails at life  Slow  unreliable  Also doesnt look pretty	As a developer  this browser can make me cry	i wish IE6 is a living thing so we can kill it easily	Who are they kidding? http://bit ly/vD2nX	The one place where Microsoft neglects to make any changes in ten years    atrociously slow  buggy  not user friendly  just about the worst browser out there	cuma browsing dapet hadiah jalan jalan ke USA? bukan mimpi kalee   segera klik www yuk explore com  buat jalan2 seru hehe	Garbage  Total garbage  Its slow  non compliant with W3 standards  and lacks any means of customization	Really dislike this web browser  it is slow and doesnt compare to anything in its competition	If only the masses knew better	IE8 is a good all round browser with innovative new features  Catching up with the competition!	Sucks like nothing has ever sucked before	Use Firefox or Safari instead  IE is an overbloated piecce of junk	nop  even the 8th version  still Chrome is much better	Firefox  Chrome  Safari  Opera    all much better than IE	IE8 is pretty good in Windows 7  but in general  this is not the app Id like to use	Trying to work with IE 8 but it still has quirks  Sad thing is sometimes it does run faster than other browsers    but mostly not	internet will be a better place without IE  and it is getting worst on each new version	Internet Explorer fails at itself	I hate IE!! Takes forever to start up and has too many security holes  So many debug errors too  Go with chrome	The Webs ball and chain for the past 10 years	Sometimes its slow and doesnt respond and close when its not responding  Spoiled a lot of stuff Im doing	IE8 is a step back  very slow when starting  slower than IE7 in browsing  not worth to think about with so many better browsers around	did they not get the web standards memo?!	Big thumbs down :((	Not great UI  poor security  crappy standards support	When will Microsoft get a clue? They need to start trying to keep up with web standards and maybe even do some real innovation	I only use it for a single add on that hasnt been made available for Firefox yet	It has brilliant security  Ive only gotten things called Trojans  but I dont think those are viruses  so theyre probably helping my system  :) IE ftw	Only IE has that adorable AND NOT IRRITATING *chink* sound on every link click!	The worse thing in the world	Every time I see IE  I get a little sad and cry a bit inside	its terrible! i hate the interface  and the worst thing is that it has no AD BLOCKER! argh! i hate ads!	As a web developer  I would have to say that IE6 needs to die	90% of the things you hear about IE arent true  its great  Sure it has some flaws  but so do other browsers	Ok   i love firefox   but 60% of my clients and their users still use IE (6)  So I have to love it    Dirty business :)	Theres no other way to put it: IE6 needs to die  Preferably a fast & incredibly painful death  to make up for all the millions of man hours wasted on IE6 hack	I like it as a product but not so much as a developer	Seriously do people really use this  I think microsoft should stop making internet explorer	Microsoft at its best: The most hindering interface for the slowest and the least secure browser out there  No respect for web standards as a bonus	Just because it wasnt Firefox :)	Flawed browser  dont use it unless unavoidable	Display issues  inconsistency  bugs  and i am sick of creating css hacks etc to get my websites to render properly	then why the h*ll do u think they bring firefox out? for fun?	waste of time and effort  always different to other browsers piece of crap	ie only works for downloading firefox	Havent used it in years  why bother when Firefox is available?	Its only useful purpose is to download Firefox  Once  Microsoft stays behind the web development curve when it comes to supporting web standards	Its terribly slow  I use Firefox  Flock  and also Opera  Everything but IE	A userfriendly browser  that need to evolve to get better	not recommended because of the bad coverage of the w3c specs	makes me crazy   as a developer	When I dont have Google Chrome  I use Internet Explorer	Every web developer hates it  And so do/should users	Devsigners nightmare  Basic functionality  The only good thing about it is that it loads faster than Firefox	Its just a web developers nightmare  Die  IE  die! Safari  Chrome  Firefox  all great options  And yet people still use IE  Why? Usually ignorance  =(	Not the best browser out there  but its good enough for casual user	Just a stupid web browser  M$ should kill it or they desire to die	Easily the worst browsing experience on the market  Why do MS insist on making everything so difficult?	Makes my life hell as a web developer	Terrible    but its what we should expect from Microsoft	Slow and annoying  Its frustrating just to use	its slows down my laptop   feel like i need to get the fastest processor and add ram every 6 months just to make browsing enjoyable  too much work	Man  Microsoft  You rule  but this     This doesnt deserve the Microsoft Name  DIE DIE DIE!!!!!!!! Microsoft  stop wasting developing time and contribute to FF	Im a web developer and I absolutely hate IE in all its versions!	horrible app  it sucks	IE was a slow  clunky  miserable SOB of a browswer  I switched to Chrome when it was just a beta and i havent turned back since	IE  Oh how I loathe ye   Let me count the ways  Your corporate hold is strong  But your layout models all wrong May the Fox be your demise IE	there is no use any more   you will be dead soon	boring  old  crap  firefox much better	buggy browser that runs slowly  got tired of sending crash reports to MS  so I use Chrome now and love it	Nothing but bad things to say about IE6  Its javascript engine is incredibly slow  It has memory leaks  Tons of security holes  and css support is crap	Please can the corporate IT support world just bite the bullet and fix their apps so the world can ditch this awful legacy disaster area	Whats with the always opening new windows? Aaagh	I despise IE  It makes designing dynamic websites a pain in my ass!	its something horrible that a lot of persons cannot untie themselves from  including Microsoft (neither they can)	not for a coder never was never will be actually happy 2 c google chrome frame	Please! Die IE! Chrome  Safari  Opera  and of course FireFox! Use ANYTHING else and save webdesigners a headache!	IE sucks! Its not web design friendly  and it is slow as hell!	Internet Explorer is is a couple of lines of shit  Totally useless  Why dont throw in the towel and ship Windows with Firefox  Chrome or Opera?	I like having a web browser that works  As in NOT IE  Firefox  Chrome  Opera  all good options	i hate it  enough said  your crazy if you like IE	I dont like its: speed of opening  speed of browsing  speed of opening tabs and windows  design  intrusive & mysterious as for web browser autonomous mode  pop	Its not great  but its not as bad as everyone makes it out to be  I dont really like IE8 though    (compared to the other versions)	Crashed most times on my new PC  quickly moved to Firefox	trade it in with a firefox for free if you still did not do so	I dont understand how it can exist anymore	Hate Internet Explorer :@	A real PAIN in the butt for a developer and also slow as hell	bottom line  Microsoft needs to work with the standards and not try to create their own   IE makes web development a nightmare!	Developers Hell  that is what IE is     IE6 is the crappiest ever  wish theyd upgrade it all to 7 or 8	I still prefer IE to the rest of the options	Have a pc with 8 gigs of RAM and a 2 60 GHz processor and it still crashes on a daily basis  Its horrible	Internet Explorer is one of the most poorly developed browsers  Despite OS enhancements  IE still manages to lack real performance and stability	Internet Explorer is the sole reason web sites develop so slowly  Every developer knows that making stuff work in IE takes at least 60% of the total time	Apesar de ter melhorado bastante  o IE continua sendo o terror dos webdesigners	Sometimes it seems like Microsoft doesnt even try	Internet explorer is to       Microsoftish    Use Safari  you n00bs :D	Cant Microsoft just let IE die       or at least force IE 6 users to upgrade  seriously IE 6 is a developers nightmare : (	+ more responsive than Firefox + not as bad as all the geeks say ;)   lacks of features   slow	Honestly? Not too bad  I use it on my friends computers and its    Tolerable I guess  But I used to have issues with it    Too slow for my liking	Dumb and slow  Doesnt support standards!	Love the look and cant live without my Windows Live toolbar	Firefox FTW! Dont use Internet Explorer  It sucks	Horribly insecure and non standards compliant	Slow  doesnt comply with standards  standards support never progresses  insecure and difficult to customise	Slow  buggy  insecure  and every web developer/designers nightmare    use it and risk being eaten by thousands of angry developers	Ugh  There are better browsers out there that are way safer  I am a linux user though  so I dont have to worry about IE except if I am using a public computer	this is like garbage   no good and theres a lot of it   oh and it stinks too	Firefox blows goatz	Internet Explorer is the reason why antivirus software even exists   Slow  Cluttered  Insecure  Microsoft needs to give up on web browsers because they suck	Web developers nightmare  the monopoly of internet browsers IT SUCKS PEOPLE USE SOMETHING THAT DOESNT CRASH from a single line of code!	Its hard to write all the hate in 160 keystrokes    IE6 security sucks  Web development is a nightmare and the Net is the mess it is thanks to IE6	Internet Explorer has come a long way and since MS continues to dominate the OS market  its something we need to keep in mind  Not such a necessary evil anymor	Think this sums it up pretty well: http://humor beecy net/geeks/web design/	Why cant IE be more easy going and useful like say  Firefox	Unstable  slow  no real reason to use it with a program like Firefox  They have made no effort to close the gap between them	IE=Sucky buggy code nobody wants to work with anymore! FIREFOX ForTheWin!	IE8 has come a long way but it is still holding back the potential of the web	Slow  cumbersome annoying as hell to code for because of Microsoft special interpretation of standards  its the main thing holding the internet back	Has one of the worst histories of any software   Like if the nazis had won WWII	my life will be better without msie	the shackles on the feet of web innovation	Slow and insecure  No spell check!	IE6 a real fossil that proves how proprietary software and imperialistic corporate politics can undermine innovation and threat online security	I love the IE6 since it showed Microsoft its limitation as a former monopoly  They learned together with their customers that the web is open! And that is good!	Im a web developer and IE6 is the bane of my life! It had its day and served its purpose but its time to move on	what a load of shit  its only for idiots  like hotmail	@microsoft please give up work on IE and concentrate on the O/S  Firefox is the way forward	Still very much an archaic web browser as compared with the innovative likes of Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome  Security flaws all over  It holds you back	Everything about it just feels old and clunky  The interface is pointlessly crowded and ugly  loading is slow  you cant close tabs without viewing the tab	IE 6 & 7 & 8 can all render the same thing differently  !@$%	It sucks  IE 6 ruined the whole web; IE 7 was not better; IE 8     can not find any advantages on it  There are so many options for browsers  IE is not in them	Probably the worst  slowest web browser in human existence  Although its security may be adequate  its speed is atrocious  Google Chrome for the win	Fast browser with support for latest technologies  No longer supports some widely used technologies though	best browser on the market so far  megafast  newest html4 technology in it  Flash Support  comes right with windows :) ROFLMAO just kiddin	The worst browser    Firefox = FTW	Needs to disappear off the face of the earth  Period	worst ever  Unable to compete with other open source browsers  everything is flawed from bottom up	no where to compared with even chrome  speed	Why cant Microsoft make things that people actually will *want* to use?	Absolutely hate it  Too integrated w/OS (IE & Windows R synonymous) Slow  vulnerable and lacks support for 3rd party features	As a web developer  it only takes about 15 mins to make a functional website that works on a standard compliant browser  But getting it to run on IE takes hours	Worst  Browser  Ever  The kick in the head is that IE is integral to Windows operations  This piece of sh*t cant be deleted without making the OS unstable	Hate it! Why wont IE developers obey to the web standards?!	nothing new  5 years before firefox and chrome	In the time it takes to load Googles homepage on IE  I can load 10 websites on Firefox or Chrome  I dont have the time to deal with such a horrible program	Truly horrible  A reason not to like Microsoft	Supporting IE makes a Web Developers job a royal pain  Using IE makes the web surfers leisure a job	Terrible browser  Slow  cant handle the simplest tasks  everything just looks bad in IE	Needs more love  not as bad as they say	Really great features  I like the developer functions  But too unstable  Thats why I moved to Google Chrome	it has good functions without slowing down your computer more than the older verisions	Needs to be buried  never to return!	The bane of Web developers! IEs market share is only reflective of its use by so many computer owners that dont know the first thing about using computers	its perfect u can search anything u like on this	Like it!! Makes my jobs easier    Need to find out something  go for this!	The worst browser ever  bad javascript engine bad layout difficult to progrsm websites to work on  So it is bad in everything	Internet Explorer is good for one thing  going to Mozilla com to download Firefox	I avoid it like the plague	Slow  ugly  and no good features		
338255	Just the best way to create your CV online and get it on Google !	Great website ! Easy to use  easy to be visible on the web !	Despite its a young CV site  its already one of the best Ive used  Fast  beautiful  but above all very promising since a lot of people already use it !	Easy  fast and efficient ! Publish your CV online and find it in Google !	one of the easiest way to share your CV online	How to create an online CV  NetCV	The new CV creator is just great !		
338013	You can create ringtones and wallpapers for free and share them with your friends on mobizaar  Build your community and start downloading ringtones	Great site  Very easy to create ring tones  I love it!	nice website  very usefull  I will never pay for ringtones again  Works with my iphone too :)	I dont believe it! Free ringtones for my new Nokia N86 phone  Thank you guys	It has everything that you could wish for your mobile phone and its free	I just love it! Not only you get free ringtones  but you can also create your own from mp3s on your PC  5 stars!	simple and easy to use  get unlimited ringtones of chart hits or make your own and share them  highly recommend for ease and value    since it is free :)	Free ringtones with my own music   #%#@%#^^# to ATT		
336868	Open  slick and userfriendly  Free SDK and open app store (market) makes for a very low barrier to entry for mobile developers	Cant wait for my new Android powered phone!	Easily the best phone operating system I have used	My G1 is the best phone I have ever owned  I cant wait to see what my next T Mobile Android handset will be like when Im due to upgrade	The Dream and Android are a Dream!!!	Ive had it for a month and it has blown me away  Am I pumped for Cupcake? Though the soft keyboard doesnt do it for me  I sure am  If only it had more apps	would love to get the Samsung Android   The G1 is bit too clunky for me	Love my Android phone  could not love it any more unless it brought me breakfast in bed  And to iPhone fanboys I have one thing to say: concurrent processes	One of the best phone OSs out there beats iPhone OS 100%  Pocket PC almost as good  love that its open source & the 1000s of apps that really kills the iPhon	Dont have a iPhone to compare  but this is everything I want in a phone and more   Integration with gmail contacts is awesome   Google Maps App great also	I just cant get over how good this platform is	Fabulous! Only wish I had an HTC Hero!	operating system ofd the future for the handsets and gadgets	Underrated  Great mobile OS  and open source too	Best phone OS Ive ever used   I will only use android as long as its available	Though the G1 is slow at times  It is not apple and it has everything I need   Going to get better with each phone	Better than Iphone  not as good as windows mobile  (Im talking in terms of customizability without hacks)	I love love love my G 1 but it needs a better flash program	Love it  Much better than the iPhone	Been using the hero for a while  So far very good   works well and has a great range of apps  Its good to see developers going for it and pushing the tech	Really like the interface  but the iPhone OS is a little bit better	Great mobile OS  Runs very smooth  lots of apps to download with great versatility	Great developer platform  Much better then the iPhones but     as far as touch and overall experience  iPhone is king!	A bit slow with homescreen swipes and app startups but it is truly a wonderful phone OS	A bit beta  but I love it!	just love my HTC Magic  bye bye Nokia	Oh  well I guess its pretty good	Android is the Best Mobile OS	Awesome  open  no closed app store that is subjective	I have the T Mobile G1 and I love it  I like the fact on the G1 I have the real keyboard as well as the virtual one  Apps on Android are supported well	The Most Advanced Mobile OS    iPhone u better save ur  own ass   Android is going eat u :D	Brilliant  only going to get better   Needs to be available on more handsets	researched the droid and the android platform  bought a phone the first day it came out and highly recommend it!	awesome  and getting better every release	I have an andriod phone for over 1year & it just gets better Just yesterday  i purchased an iphone so that i can compare them  iPhone is great but Android smart	Best mobile OS on the market   app integration with the HTC Hero is phenomenal	because its google  I still dont know how they earn the money	Just got a new HTC Hero with Android  and its awesome  Its like a jailbroken iPhone with widget support  :)	I have the Hero and it is cool but it needs to still grow up	I owned an iPhone  Never looked back to it since I have an Android phone	Perfect! Simply the best mobile operating system	Android is good but still waiting to see an Android based mobile that will want me to throw my iPhone	Got it on the G1 and this device rocks #android #google	but I wont throw my iPhone away just yet    Lets see how it evolves	Amazing mobile OS  period  The devs at Google have done something truly special with Android and I can no longer see it being anything other than my #1 choice	MUCH BETTER THAN MICROSOFT WHO HAS DROPPED THE BALL SINCE 2000 ON ALL REAL USEFULL WORKING SMART PHONE APPS EVILTV	A great OS that Google is working on  I cant wait to see it develop over the upcoming years  If they play it right  it will rival the iPhone OS	Potential iPhone OS rival    looks great! Will hopefully get a mobile device running this soon!	I love my Motorola Cliq primarily because of Android  I just cant wait for my update!	Is The Super Hero of a Mobile Device! ;)	This will be my next phone as soon as its available in my area	I like this service because is very good service	I would like to see this specific OS progress and evolve to be the MS Windows of the Mobile OS world!	I love the openess of Android   but it seriously needs an iTunes like media manager  I miss iTunes U from my iPhone alot too	Good contender against iPhone OS  Needs more (useful) apps  then will be amazing	More information not APIs is necessary to understand Android but anything Google  works fine including BUZZ!	I love the fact that Android is Open! This fact alone  to be Open   is an enormous advantage against competitors	Android with my Motorola Milestone (the european name of Droid) is easy to use and customize  There a lots of good free apps  and its Open ! :D	Probably the best mobile operating system in the world  Using an iPhone though	Worthless copy of the iPhone	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Ive used it and i cant wait to get one myself! :)	I am a heavy Android user and love its openness as opposed to certain other big tech companies	Using a G2 mytouch  right now  great mobile OS  but facing the same problem as windows  the hardware is so spreaded	Best thing since the iPhone	new stuff everyday!	I expect that The android phone will be launched in Korea successfully	Android is totally sweet  my T mobile MyTouch 3g  not so sweet		
336867	Quick way to do ad hock group chats  especially when you have participants on different IM networks  Ajax client works really well	I simple and good idea kepted simple (which supriseingly dosent happen often)  I really like TinyChat!	Really easy and simple to use	Just found this service  Seems easy to use and a great overall service	i just want to say its amaizing but its somewhat slow need good connection	I used for the first time today; its not that bad	Naaa  Meebo is better	Tinychat com is one of the most simplest web apps to use  Come and chat!	Remarkably simple concept  very easy to use  and its free!	Service is OK but if you signin with Twitter  they will have you autofollow @tinychat & enable SMS updates without asking  Underhanded and spammy	They are dead simple  And dead in the support department too  I signed up for a premium account and they screwed me    http://tinychat blogspot com/		
337954	Great app for people with a website	Intuitive for even the analytically challenged	Google analytics continues to make progressively better enhancements while the former leader WebTrends remains relatively unchanged	great tool indeed  just wanted to know how to use all functions :)	Extremely useful and brilliantly priced : )	Its not real time tracking   you get info a day old	All of the tools you need to report from tracking page views to ecommerce	Awesome Ranking site by Google	Google Analytics is glaring stats	cant live without it   seriously  cant do my job without it!	I wish I understood it better  but its definitely my go to for web analytics	Useful but nice UI but not the most intuitive and there are limitations in how you want to access the data	Google analytics makes me look really smart  Which is quite an accomplishment	All you need to monitor your site performance and its free  Cant ask for more	I think Clicky stats are much better	menggunakan ini di setiap situ dan blog milikku		
393944	Tr im URL Shortener Shuts Down; Short Links to Die?	Its a great URL shortner! Whats not to like?	Love the graphs and link management system and all the wee tools that make it so easy to use like the browser sidebar	Default URL trimmer for Twitter  and I use it sometimes	Simple and easy to use	Its a cool competitor to TinyUrl  Bit ly/delali	A great tool for any type of social networking!  Enter any URL and bit ly shrinks it down to a smaler URL   Great for Twitter or to refrain from FB clutter!	Transitioned from tinyurl to bit ly mid year   Love it   Reliable   Thanks Mashable for introducing another reliable resource!  Keep up the nice job	pretty good idea	yup   while it was not fighting with my phishing filter it was great	A nice simple URL shortner with analytics	With custom urls and its simplicity  this is one of the best url shorteners out there! :)		
336743	Feature filled  and the only software I would dream of using for organising my music and syncing my iPod  Sadly  its rapid growth has made it slightly slow	Now that they offer DRM free music  theyre all the better  Im not as much a music lover as a film geek  but I do appreciate iTunes while I work	The worst Apple product ever	Bloated with unneeded features  overall just sluggish compared to its competition  Almost seems like it was meant to be seen  not heard	i use  because i have too   not because i want to    interface is slow  upgrading to new versions and keeping everything in sync is always a gamble	i definitely choose this over win media player; and is likely the reason i am stuck to ipods  it has some annoyances  but they are good about the improvements	Love it and run all of my music through it	No no no    the worst music player / organizer Ive ever tried	seems awfully bloated but hey gotta synch my Ipod	Its good but  for me  its memory hungry and very slow!  I use it mainly for the sidekicks  Last fm and iLike sidebars	Very memory hungry  but essential for use with last fm  and my iphone	I really like iTunes  I know most hate having to pay but aside from that I love the fact that I can buy a cd at 3:15am and have it loud & clear in a minute	Love teh interface and its Limewire compatible  xD	The revolution started a few years back and is still light years ahead!	iTunes is nice   But I personally prefer Songbird	Its easy to use  and works with Last fm	Easy  simple  works	Best way to buy music	The hub of my digital life! The smart playlists  iTunes U and Podcast support makes this the go to app for all my listening related desires!	I dont enjoy when iTunes eats 1 of my 2GBs of ram  Only use it because there isnt much else for OS X	Even though it can get a little sluggish at times  its generally pretty good for listening to music and podcasts	There are some downsides (like being slow)  But its made for the iPhone and iPod   you cant beat it	Really nice  Could be made to run faster	It could run a bit more smoothly  but is otherwise nice	Large choice (music  videos  tv  podcast  apps) and DRM free  but still expensive	too heavy and bolted for windows   hope its better on a mac	best ever  Craps all over WMP  Easy  nice looking  etc	The perfect music library! Works brilliantly even with Windows  but once you get use it on the Mac   theres no going back!	what a crap for the one who doesnt own a i pod  heavy!	Great but slow at times  Apple needs to focus iTunes back on music before      cough  Spotify	I dont like the way it does it library  and its bloated	Great if you own an iPod because then all its extra features really shine  I like its overall performance a lot better than others like WMP and Winamp too	I wish there was more free things	The music store can be pretty slow but aside from that it works perfectly with my iphone and it keeps my music organized + Genius playlists are great	Excellent way to organize and listen to music and iTunes DJ lets my friends listen to what they like	Instant gratification to the nth degree	why cant I just   well just manage my music properly with iTunes? It sucks hard!	Just not good software	use it with www ilike com toolbar	iTunes on Windows is much better than many people say  Ive used it for years  even before I had an iPod  Shame about the odd niggle though	I like it  but not nearly as much as Songbird   Too bad I have to you iTunes for my iPod	I couldnt live without this  syncing to my I phone is done fast and easily and working it is hassle free if your using Wmp update to this  Youll love it!	Definitely reliable  but it seems really easy to end up with a library where you have 10 copies of the same thing  Could use a smart program to help>	Reliable  I really dont have any complaints  Might not be the most feature packed complex app  but works well for me	Heavy and greedy with system settings on Windows  Not worth the pain for me   Amazon MP3 + Foobar2000 does everything I need from a music store + player	Okay it works  But I am disgusted at the price rises on good songs! This just encourages illegal downloads! Greedy businessmen!	great tool for ipod	What a horrible piece of software to run on Windows   Apple as a company just leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth	Greate music player  itunes store is the bigest music/movies store  Appstore is also awesome	i have ipods   but it s always a boring process to upadate it   f  k	Im however still annoyed that Apple insist to use iTunes for most of their programs  Especially Apple tv  which is useless as long as i runs through iTunes	Proprietary piece of sh*t	While the intention may have been to share everything  the setup is tricky	Crashes to much  too slow  needs a makeover and more features	There are better more stable alternatives out there that will work on any OS you may have	Far too proprietary and makes file maintenance a nightmare  Songbird offers all the same functionality without the headache  and even more features	Daily user  Better design than WinMediaplayer and also easier in usage  Huge musicstore(!) ^^	Perfection of a Media Player	Proprietary  hard to use  bloated   nuf said	I use it and love it   they helped create the digital media revolution and I support that	Its a great media library organizer  There are some better apps out there  but this works best with my iphone/ipod	After reading the first few lines of the EUA I wont let it near my machine  Proprietary software of the worst kind  Since Spotify dont need it anyway	Lets say DRM  Im a FOSS guy  Im just lucky that theres libgpod	I havent used it too much yet  but so far I like it	I use it all the time to organize my music and apps for my iPod! Highly recommended player	I do appreciate having software thats up to date but   every time I reboot my computer? Little much  Also  stop mixing up my audiobook files!	Best way to buy music  TV shows  Movies  and audio books	Theres no other music store like iTunes Store  buying music has never been so simple  It also handles and plays the music and videos very well	See qeep com	iTunes is both user friendly and simple in layout  I like all of the different categories by which to organise my songs  in particular playlists and play count		
337841	Stay connected to your social media  news feeds  Gmail etc in real time all the time  unintrusively  in your browser  No need to juggle multiple tabs/windows	hey  just playing around with this app  it looks to be the app that lets me uninstall that behemoth of a browser Flock from my system  Pretty good so far!	using roamabout right now  cool plugin	After having it for a while I found it rather irritating   a bit too in your face  I will try it again in months to come	After play around for 2hrs  It not suit my need		
336751	Im used to Firefoxs features and add ons  so Chrome feels too limited  Might do better on smaller devices like netbooks and Android phones than on the desktop	I still prefer Firefox  and Im waiting for Linux support  but its OK  Each tab and plug in as its own process is a great idea as processors get more cores	This has become my web browsing work horse  The create application feature is fantastic  especially with webapps like Mibbit  Pandora  Gmail  Google Docs	Well I like Google and all    but the browser is in its infancy as of yet  When it matures a bit more  perhaps it will make me switch from Firefox!	Not a bad little browser  and its got an interesting architecture  Not perfect  though; I still prefer Firefox and its flexibility	Fast  I havent made the switch from FF3 quite yet  but it may someday come  Only time will tell	A great browser  Still not as a fast as Opera  No plugins available for web developers  Im sticking with FF3 for a while  methinks	once i can bring in firefox addons and it will work with my work proxy  ill be permanently switching over	chrome still needs lots of work  but it is a step in the right direction for a browser product	I like it  though it does have an odd look	I really like this browser  Its clean and easy to use but still needs a lot of improvement	Isnt complete by any means  but is sufficient for my needs  This has been my default browser  & Im happy with it  as Im not big on add ons  Quick & simple	This has quickly replaced firefox for me during all normal browsing   I love it  [Also love have an irrational love of google    so yeah]	This is perfect: light on my slow and old work computer  sleek and minimalist to suit my taste and it never freezes  I need a Google version of Word	The only reason I didnt give it an I love it! is the lack of extension support	Same here  I love the speed of Chrome and the stability of each tab being its own entity but we needz extensions and add ons like yesterday	Still buggy and lacks official plugin support  but all my plugins will eventually be supported  So Im excited =)	loving Chrome for its speed and stability   It has become my main browser	Chrome is an excellent browser  It may actually be my favorite app on the PC platform	Quick  intuitive and great for everyday browsing  Amazing address bar	Almost perfect    Just some finishing touches needed	loads quicker than firefox   seems to make my computer freeze after about 6hrs of solid use   still  worth it for the UX	fast  easy  give it half a year extra for the noobs	Ive used Chrome  Its pretty cool but (In my opinion) Its not the best browser out there	A lightweight browser that limits crashes to single tabs  Downsides: Flash support buggy & caches pages too aggressively	has considerable limitations at present	My Windows browser of choice  Fast  sleek  and clean; I just wish was also on OS X	Such a great browser    I flick between this and Flock at the moment    but thats only due to the lack of extension support  :/	The best browser on the net atm  It still needs proper script support & addons might be an interesting addition but it cant be beaten for speed and simplicity	Superior Browser by far	Super Fast  But I miss the add ons and extensions of FireFox  Especially AdBlock+	Its fast  uses less memory than Firefox but it lacks extension support	The speed makes it superior to other browsers   I love the simple design   I use FF and Chrome equally now	No extension support ruins this browser	currently my favorite web browser!	Its fast and my default browser  but I use it with Firefox    there are some extensions I really like there   Also Chrome seriously needs bookmark all tabs	Love The Mac Version of Google Chrome!	Address bar=Search bar is really an awesome idea Love the tabs Huge space browser for Light and speed	Clean interface  Google still needs to work out some JavaScript issues so that it is compatible with more web2 0 apps	Ive been using Chrome for a few months now and its pretty good   The only thing its missing is extensions   More privacy and security controls would be good	Its my favourite browser so far  Speed  flexibility  and its forgiving when you misuse it  ;)	Great app  super fast  No plugins yet  Cant live without my firefox plugins	cause the whole separate bars when something goes wrong thing really makes a difference :)	A bit TOO basic  I still miss some Firefox features  Nice and fast  Want more control of start page  which sites show as most frequent	I miss all Firefox extensions	This is THE browser of choice!  Its simple  fast  and powerful	Too many pages it cant load while firefox hasnt got a problem with the same pages e g  facebook  Pity though  it is definitively the faster one	Im happy with Firefox  nothing in Chrome makes me want to change	I liked it  but I cant use it without extensions	Has a lot of potential  but needs add ins at the very least  even then it is just getting close to Firefox	the speediest & secure Browser ever   if its support firefoxs addons then it will the best browser ever   with out addons i cant Ditch Firefox	Ill love it when it gets extensions    but will it still be speedy?	Fast  beautiful to look at and would be my preference   IF they ironed out compatibility issues (XStandard eg) and IF it had plugins	Read the fine print    no more privacy!	I prefer Chrome for speed  gears for offline apps and bookmarklets instead of add ons  Simply better and faster	i love it  but i really miss all the firefox add ons that simplify my life	Its quick but needs more features	Its versatile  easy to use & implement  it has embedded applications that will project it well into the future and more importantly  it outstrips IE totally	Fast and clean  very simple  very good :)	I prefer Firefox  but Chrome is a nice alternative	Lightning fast  does exactly what you need  and gets out of the way	Its simple and pretty fast  but needs add ons  I dont understand why it has no built in Google support though (e g  Google bookmarks)!?!	Pete   think youd like speedtile net too	Ive liked what Ive seen of Chrome but Im waiting for a native Linux version to really try it out properly	still needs some work   but I like where it is headed	Favorite browser   Fast  clean  flexible	Chromes great to use when on Windows computers  The only downside is its lack of a major addons community	Its great web browser  Google Chrome is faster than other browsers  which I used earlier  I recommend to all	My browser of choice today  Very unobtrusive  As an Opera user  I miss many of its features  Chromes look and feel is worth it  Bet Chromell get it eventually	Easier to bookmark than Mozilla  No pop ups ever  Does cache a lot  but there are ways around it  Some flash doesnt work with it  but overall very nice	The combined URL and search bar is amazing  and I like the separate processes model  A tad too spare for my tastes though	Fast  intuitive but still has problems with consistent rendering	simple  fast  needs extensions	so fast  I can be several pages into browsing whilst the other browsers are still trying to load	Great browser  but still has a little way to go before all the kinks are ironed out  Looking forward to seeing so extensions for it	I love it  Its fast  intuitive  and it loads up way faster than Firefox	Super fast and good on memory  but until it gets extensions Im a firefox user	considering its still in beta  i love it   lightweight and fast  still a few issues but its not final release	incredible browser    clean layout  fast browsing  not a memory hog   always keep open for quick surfing although firefox is still my default due to plugins	Eh  its not explicitly bad  its just not as user friendly as Firefox  Maybe if it had cool plugins and a better menu   but give me Firefox 10 times out of 10	Not flexible enough  But damn its fast ! I use it when I occasionally use Windows  So not on an everyday basis	One of the fastest browsers   but could use extra features and possibly an add ons feature similar to Firefox	By far the fastest  Just needs AdBlock	Sexiest browser around  Wonderful speed too	Fast  fast fast and furious	Going from Chrome to IE  or even Firefox  is like trading in a Porche for a Pinto   Google Chrome ROCKS	i really love it  simple  easy to use and very effective  chrome rocks  Just waiting its release of linux version  eagerly waiting for that	Fast  fast  fast  fast  fast  faaaaaast  I use it and I like it  When adds comes out  It will pwn Firefox so bad	I love to use it in my job  cause its the fastest browser and the PC of my work is a piece of shit! :p	Fast and lightweight browser   perfect for netbooks!	This is the fastest browser out in my opinion   Havent had any problems with it   Extension/addon support and it may just win my whole heart	Superfast!  It just works   whats not to like	fastest browser on the net    I like FAST!	The best browser in the world by far  makes you wonder what the hell Microsoft have doing all these years	Fast  stable  renders well  and stays out of the way  The search bar also just works  Only thing I miss is RSS/Atom support	fast but needs extensions  way to go	Havent had much time on it but its fast	Fast  but have something to learn with Firefox!	Fast  stable and good looking  Whats not to like?	Super light weight and fast  Its my default browser now  Amazingly stable for such a young product  Could use some plugins; still use FireFox for development	Super fast  super secure browser with great user interface	crashes every time I try to install	Who told Google Chrome was fast ?!! Its much less fast than Safari !	Chrome would be the best browser for me  if it had extensions like Firefox has	I like chrome so much I installed it on the comp my parents use	Best for Gmail and Google apps  Not as good as Firefox yet  but getting there	love it  getting better everyday	So what if it doesnt have extensions? You can always go to Firefox for your extreme browsing  Chrome accomplishes simply what others try to bang with hammers	Ive yet to actually get a working installation of it  Ive had 3 different computers and not once has it worked	fast  friendly  very well thought out  cute  works fine with all the websites I use  and it doesnt crash at all  Chrome is awesome!	Chrome is in its infancy  and as such  I cant really judge  but it is bite the back of your hand fast  just needs the extendability of FF	Good   but lacking the equivalent of Firefoxs extensions  Till it has add on support  Im staying with Firefox	Its really fast and easy to use! I love it!	Blazing fast and feather light  but not quite functional as FF (no extensions)	Its nice but doesnt compare to Firefox	When we talk about speed  Chrome is King!	All we need is more privacy invasion from Google	CHROME!! Basically the only web browser I used unless a website does not support it	Fastest  sleekest and most innovative browser  What could you want more?	Clean Interface  Not very customizable	The best I ever tried  Easy  light  functional and no useless elements	quick  clean and to the point  only downside is its not fully compatible with some PHP based CMS tools	Lightweight  agile  fast  tabs are separate processes  It only needs plugin support and Im happy	firefox is better than chrome	Simple  lightweight  super fast  Only thing it needs is Greasemonkey  built in  (i know theres a hack for it  but hey )	On my old  clunky computer Chrome is super quick to load and easy to navigate   Love it!	The ultimate in browser simplicity  On Windows there is nothing better  Pretty fast too	best browser at the moment	An awesome alternative to buggy commercial browsers	Fast  Very fast  thats good  Simple  too simple  Thats bad  Having no add ons is a severe handicap  Several sites still dont run properly on it	i love it when im using my laptop its very fast and easy but still need to know hot to put google toolbar and some addon	Great browser  not a bunch of crap at the top  and runs fast! Classic Google!	The best just after Firefox !	Its simple  effective and very fast  Firefox must die!	Not bad  but I prefer Chromium ;)	Chrome rocks!  The speed and design are remarkable!	the fastest browser in the world!	Very fast loadup/surfing times  is less of a RAM hog than Firefox	Glitches with GCal oddly enough and other random bugs  Lacks extensions and bookmark syncing    still use it as default for overall speed  may switch to FF 3 5	Although Im a Firefox user  I like to use Chrome a lot  It really is the fastest browser Ive seen  Its very lightweight and it never gets in your way	Started using Chrome when it was launched but abandoned it  However its come back with a vengeance in the last few months and is now my default  Strength=speed	It doesnt have extensions and it comes with that creepy Google Updater that stays resident in the background	Its the fastest browser Ive seen	quick  fast and light  but still like firefox better	Do not actually hate it just have not been able to try it  I use Linux   so I am in the same boat as mac users concerning Chrome	really simple and useful  especially possibility to open smth with rigth click and 1st position in menu (not 3rd like in opera ore firefox)	its fast  smooth  and it feells like natural to me  I still have firefox installed  but  thinking of that  I hardly use it anymore	I use it more than any other browser  Simple  easy  and fast	I really enjoy this user friendly app	Fast  fast  fast  Brilliant	Best browser by far! Fast  sleek  lean & mean	Lets face it Chrome has got a long way to go before it can go toe to toe with Firefox  Nice start  keep working on it Google	Blindingly fast & just feels (and looks) lighter than other browsers  but its got a long  looong way to go before replacing Firefox as my primary browser	Fast  renders webpages great  Too bad its so unstable on Linux	Light  quick  sustainable	It just isnt as good as Firefox   On my computer  it ran so slow  but not on my brothers   Anyway  I am just too loyal to Firefox	all the plugins work best compared to any other browser  great 4 normal people s browsing	For me its the best  I hope it comes to linux soon	I use Gmail & it hauls in Chrome  I wish it had a bit more functionality with apps you can run in the screen like FF though   best function: incognito window	Its fast! Even when Firefox talks about its 3 5 browser speed it compares to the original beta version of Chrome  And honestly  Chrome does everything you nee	Back when I had my PC  I really liked Chrome  Now that I have a mac  I cant wait till google releases the mac compatible version	By far the best browser  Still waiting for the Mac version	Good  but I prefer Safari	frickin great  quick as hell!	Its lightning  thats amazing to use and beautiful  I <3 Chrome!	Clearly the best browser  Clean  simple  and fast	It needs more features  like addons and such imho   but it really is fast and clean  Most pages are shown properly  but I prefer FF 3 5	Certainly the best browser right now in terms of speed; and I really like the concept behind the browser   to literally disappear and present the web to users	Flash didnt work with my 64 bit IE so changed to GC which seems to work just fine	Chromes become my default browser on my Windows machines  I love the minimalist design  I just wish theyd make Mac and Linux versions already	Great Internet Browser! Its the only one I suse now    For things like Chrome  I love Google!	Sleek  fast  and simple  I adore the simple design of the browser  A neat feature is how the address bar doubles as a search bar  The tab page was a great idea	Its sleek  fast and reliable	Keeps crashing  not great  Another Google failure	V  fast and clean  <3 Cant wait for more user friendly extensions!	Lean and mean  Fast and sprightly  Well done  Google	I like the simple UI  but overall painted with baddness	Using it right now  I love how little space it takes up  Tabs up top and no status bar allow me to view much more of the page  Themes arent bad either	Google Chrome rocks! When Chrome is multiplatform  it shall rise and take over from every other browser!	I think  this is de fastest browser  EVER	It was doing great  until it kept crashing  Still  its more stable than IE  but Firefox FTW	This fastest browser that I regularly use specially when Im on Twitzap (Twitter) and Plurk	Great browser I would enjoy a couple exstentions though   Very fast and great on small screens	The vanilla user interface is so elegant without extensions  I dont even care about the slightly reduced functionality	Just add Addons and    WOW!! This would be I more than love it  it would be I     IDK  its completely awesome	I love google chrome   it is such an easy browser  I use it everyday	Finally a usable Webkit implementation for Linux	way way WAY too simple	I really hate this malware disguised as a browser  Google has sunk to a new low	Its a great browser  Very good for slow modern computers	Great browser  Should be more native for Mac OS X	fast and simple   im more relaxed with chrome	Super fast  simple UI  in my opinion an amazing browser  which is only lacking in plug in support	It does  what it does     simple and straigth forward  no add ons  no bars     only browse and bookmark       cool!	Easy  Fast  Pretty  Best for browsing the web on a small screen netbook	Good browser  dislike its UI which makes it look like an alien in a crowd on my desktop	It should at least have support for RSS  add ons and user scripts	like the way it handle the memory its light  smooth and fast      i like it =)	Nice   It does not support plug ins like FireFox   It is faster then Firefox or IE   Wish it has a few more configurable option in the preferences	Not really dislike exactly  but Firefox is far superior in my opinion	its a cool browser  but just a bit too simple for my needs	If speed is your thing   its mine   Chrome is the best	Fast and fast is what I want  Wish it could integrate with One Note	Very fast  Easy interface  Still misses the plugins of FireFox  but a great browser!	Simple clean & cool Friendly UI and exactly my 2nd choice after FF	Now that theres a release for Linux I love it  Its way less of a RAM hog than Firefox (on Linux at least) All it needs is a Solaris release and and more addons	Some way to go before its considered good    Its fast  but its CPU/memory footprint leaves a lot to be desired	Best javascript engine anywhere   love it	Best Browser Ever  ovviamente browser predefinito  :P Fast  minimal  Cool   Love it	i like it for the speed & UI but miss the add on feature	I really love Chrome   its easy and its super fast   even faster than Firefox  I have tried them both and will stick with Chrome	generally very good and quick  the shockwave plugin crashes sometimes  however  but an improvement over IE	is the fastest browser  give it a try	I love it     but where is the google toolbar!?	Bring on the plugins/extensions/add ons!	I love it  but think  we need the ability to hold down one tab independtly and to block browser (tabs together) to prevent any possible unintentional closing :)	Extremely fast and reliable  Thats all I need	Great  i like it! I use it :)	first i loved Chrome  but then it became really annoying   a crush after a crush  and the tabs always want to separate  it just doesnt want to listen to me	Ever since I found Chrome  Ive been in love with internet searching  Its stable  effective  fast and doesnt require you update every other day	The fastest  slickest browser to date	Un buen browser echo por la gran G	Still lacks some features but improving quickly	every day chrome becomes more mature	Chrome user since day 1 and I love it	Cant go back to firefox after using chrome  I love it :)	It may be nanoseconds faster than firefox   but whats the use   its boring	I love this browser so much  It is fast  light  and starts up so much faster than Mozilla  Quite an accomplishment	Id youse it all day    But Im not allowed	Since I use Chrome surfing the Internet is fun	Fastest browser by a landslide  usage of full screen makes it all the better  Outside of a few apps in Firefox  barely use anything else	Fastest web browser Ive tried to date	Beats all the speed statistics by a long shot  I switched as soon as I heard of it	Nice and clean  Get out of the way browsers!	Google Chrome is great! With a larger developer community and a better extension API  this could really take off  By far  one of the best web browsers around!	fast  responsive  and works like a browser should work!	Fantastic browser! Very nice and simple	Started using this after my Firefox kept crashing  Chrome is quick  clean and stable  Love it!	Fast  and quick loading  When they say they are faster  you can actually see it unlike firefox! Can use some spellcheck work and selection stuff	Quick and minimal  Chrome opens up a lot of space on my little laptop	Some say that  soon google is going to release an extension gallery for chrome!	Fast  Really Fast!  But I have encountered a few sites/applications that dont work properly in chrome   Meh  still a much better solution than IE	Awesome  Best for Win&Lin  on Mac I use Safari (:	i always use Chrome!	Much cleaner than Firefox  especially on Linux  IMO	So lightweight and snappy    something that FireFox can no longer claim  unfortunately	Fast  lightweight  secure   What else does one need in a browser	Sleek  lightweight  fast  easy to look at and use  Whats not to like with Chrome?	Its Rubbish! Firefox is better!	always crashes on my vista 64	much much faster!	Great! The best browser!	Favourite default browser shame it isnt on Mac yet  t lack ad ons which is a shame for the ads etc  But it is so fast it makes FF look asleep	Very sites dont work in this browser  but hes very fast in some times  and is the only browser were the Google Wave run in 100%	The fastest browser Ive ever used  Im trying the beta Linux version out right now and it works astonishingly well	fast is best  simple to use besides	Good browser but needs to be more open   http://www downloadsquad com/2009/12/04/google chrome extension gallery treads lightly on copyright issu/	Chrome is faster  leaner  and prettier than all the other browsers!	Its become the default browser on my Macbook Pro	An incredibly fast web browser  So simple  and sometimes  thats all that you need	As someone said earlier its also the default browser on my macbook pro  its simple and really fast	The fastest browser option  but still lacks something to become my browser of choice	A great start  very quick and simple although it needs a few more extensions before it can replace firefox as my main browser	still some work to do in order to kill firefox  but great!	Quick and simple  but it eats up too much memory when you have multiple tabs open  plus google seem to acquire a lot of user data through google chrome >: (	needs updates for the mac beta    still no extensions and missing lots of plugin support	With extensions and user scripts  this has now become my primary browser  Ultra fast  clean and robust	Chrome is fast and doesnt crash much  but is google taking over the world?	I have almost entirely switched to using the Google Chrome browser  Firefox only comes out now for web development work	A bit cpu hungry at the moment  Will improve	Fastest browser I have used  and excellent for surviving the pressure of loads of tabs/windows	Best and fastest browser  i love it	+ fastest browser ever + nice compact interface + extensions    Firefox addons still works better   problems with some websites   not very customizable	Chrome is sweet   Its technically innovative  has a clean minimalist profile  and is beginning to implement Firefox like extensions	its not exactly so fast at  everything  necessarily  other browsers are faster in other ways  i prefer firefox  but i have chrome too  and like it  FirefoxFTW!	cant wait for the full mac release	Using on Ubuntu 9 10  Found some problems with Flash contents  but using it as my preferred browser now	Much better over IE  but still love Firefox	Eh  Works nice and fast at times  But sometimes it gives me broken links/pages  maybe its just my computer	Love the stability and speed   All it was lacking is Greasemonkey support  but Greasemetal seems to do the trick!	Had to switch over to chrome since camino kept crashing   I like it  but not love it  (mac user)	i kind of like it  stills has some issues under OSX SL (cpu load/resource usage  rendering of pages (FB))  But ok so far   #3 choice (Firefox/Safari/Chrome)	Best standards compliance  best speed  best UI    Billions of times better than Firefox  infinitely better than Interweb Exploder	best browser minus good extensions	Chrome is quick and simple	Simply the definition of speed when browsing the web  still needs some work on the extension API like it needs the ability to stop elements from loading at all	Love it  but still cant switch from firefox  will do when theres a proper live bookmarks extension!	love it  use it  way better than safari	Still in beta for mac so there are a few bugs but regardless its still an amazing broswer for mac	Very fast  love the simplistic interface and finally for mac too!	More privacy invading garbage from the absolute evil of Google  Spyware disguised as a web browser  How can people be so naive to just blindy install spyware??	Too much memory usage	My favourite web browser!	check out the new extensions for chrome    totally awesome!	I really like this browser  but its slow to develop on the Mac  Still waiting for plug in support	It was love @ 1st sight when it loaded my FB games effortlessly  Now I cant browse online without it! I love the speed and its omnibar!	I use it daily :)	I dont like it much cause it make machine very slow    opera and firefox is better than chrome	Its fast  stable  it has a functional but minimalistic interface  A browser that does its job and gets out of your way  Ive been using it since its release	i like google chrome	Although it has a bit of tweaking left to go before it completely replaces my other browsers  this is definitely the future standard for browsing! Insane speed!	Fast becoming my favorite browser  though Google has A LOT of work to do on this incomplete and buggy prototype	It is now my default broswer  As many other Google products it is simple and easy to use  The bookmark sync feature is awesome	Chrome is super fast	Super fast  Now with extensions it becomes amazingly powerful!	Fastest web browser I have used yet  Powerful  simple  cross platform  open source  secure and fast   No other web browser even comes close  (Firefox is ok )	IE is the heavyweight; Firefox is a superior  lightweight alternative; Chrome is a reinvention of browsing simplicity  Like all things Google  it just works	Very fast and light weight  and i can pick themes:)	with extension   chrome is not as buggy n less resource hogging  open up fast	Chrome Browser is all you need! I allways say: more website  less browser  And that is what we want from a browser: to be minimalistic  Chrome is	amzing the best one ive ever used so simple and the google intergration is top notch	The best browser around  Lightning fast and reliable  Cant wait to see it take FF and IE market share	This browser does not let me do print previews  Why?	omg  i adore chrome! the extensions are wonderful  its fast as hell  it looks great  and i find some new feature nearly ever day	Lightning fast! I wish they have something more comprehensive like the firebug though	muh ha ha    10 years ive been friggin around the internet but nothing    i mean nothing could beat chromes speed!	Kicks firefoxs ass	My default browser  on any platform	Great web browser for laptop of home PC  It passed every test	Just amazing! the speed extensions interface     simply the best	I love how easy it is to sync my bookmarks  One of the best browsers Ive used	Its extremely fast  but there are quite a few things I dont like about it  I like it and Firefox equally	Extremely fast  even faster than Safari on my Mac	its fast  its powerful with addons  its simple and good looking	Very cool and simple web browser	Simple  fast  extensions  what more you want?	simple and easy to use  nice look  few errors for me  extensions  no need to type in google in order to search; you can just search from your entire bar	Nice app very nice if you got a google acount	It has a hard time correctly displaying some of my favorite sites  I use the Mac version and I think it still needs a bit of work	smooth  sleek  speedy    its exactly how the internet should look and feel	The best browser you can find   Fast  clean  dependable	I tested every browser very deeply  But Chrome was the best one  Fast  bookmark sync with Google account  Faster access to Google services like Gmail  Youtube	Fast and simple  Works great!	love the design and home page look and overall browsing experience   but it takes up too much memory  and it slows down ur puter still need a little bit work	Super fast browser  simple to use and has extensions if you want to use them	great brower  but gets super slow sometimes	This would be good but they just havent worked out enough of the problems for me yet	Superfast browser that is bare it is a ModelT running with a Ferrari engine	Harder  Better  Faster  Stronger than Firefox! :p	browser terbaik yang pernah ada  cepat  simple  memnuhi standar dan    Google	SO FAST MAKE IT STABLE ON THE MAC THOUGH!	Fast  easy  and clean interface	Most reliable  and quickest browser	Scary fast and nice  simple interface!	My favorite browser of the many I have  I collect browsers  and none of them hold a candle to Chrome		
336872	Excellent site  a regular read for me	I dont know how Id get by without my daily dose of Lifehacker	If you wanna know how to create a workstation from an old crate  a wire coathanger & some sticky back plastic then Lifehacker is the site for you	A must add to your RSS reader	Ive recently become a big fan of all things gtd and lifehacker has made it into my feedly reader	great discovery website	Recently found this blog  has some fun stuff on it  A good one to check out	Being one of the most trusted blog Lifehacker has built up an dedicated community around it which helps each other so well no one can afford not to follow it	My favorite blog  it has to be included in my daily reads	Cool tech blog	Best GTD site on the net  (Since Merlin doesnt post much)	Awesome site! Tons of tips for software and everyday life	Im always reading it with Google Reader  Great posts! Many of the applications I use I have founded them by reading about them on Lifehacker	Awesome blog  So many great tips!		
470701	Working so smoothly versus 64 bit Windows Vista Ultimate	After 2 updates  working flawless	Not a bad OS but some things no longer work that did on Leopard	So much better than Leopard  not had any trouble with this O/S no crashes anything! Runs perfectly on my macbook and iMac :) Love it!	Wish more developers were making games for it  Could be amazing  Still need boot camp for now though	Wonderful! The most elegant operating system in the world!	Great system but unfortunately the changes between this and Leopard are hardly noticeable	Love my mac  Very great!		
393948	Great IM service  Wish they had more features for their desktop notifier	Much better than all of the competitors out there	Very cool for people with low space on their hard drive	Decent chat client with support for lots of protocols (MSN  AOL  AIM  Gtalk  etc)  Good enough for basic chat  but could use more features though	Use it all the time from desktop   Would really like to see a Blackberry version	I use it daily :)	Its good if I want to connect to my IM clients via a web browser  I dont use it much anymore though because its easier for me to just use the regular clients	Great webbased messenger  supports msn  gtalk  yahoo  icq etc  Now with a cool iphone app to make it even better!		
337167	It annoys with its confusing  hard to use interface	Its really POOR social network   Dont ever try this if you really need standard way of communication tool   It something like kiddos port   Very very poor  !	Though in 2006 it ruled  by now it sucks  There is much interactivity and microblogging functionality lacking there  Theres been almost a year since last login!	Its needs a lot of reforms and new features like built in chat and microblog  I still use it daily though  It still matters in social media and web trends for	yooooo thiz 4 all my haterz fuck yall  u dont like it deal with it	Hi5 has new improvements that make it awesome! I like it!	I use it daily :)		
337045	Unlimited titles & topics to find out  Real feed for information seekers Youll never dry out information	Occasional inaccuracies  but its not as bad as people like to make out  Dont use it for anything too important  but its great for quickly looking things up	Hard to imagine life without it now   Use it constantly to look up little random facts	One of the greatest ideas on the web today  an online open encyclopedia	Wisdom of the Crowds in plain text	Love it  yeah there might be the odd mistake here and there but its the reference site of choice for me   The design is great!	Grand  Great starting point for any kind of research  Info is usually reliable and correct    but I always re check it  Format is perfect for an encyclopedia	A good starting point for researching a topic    But as its all user submitted  a fallible resource	This engine is very very helpful 4 me! I always access it to find the unparseable word in my brain :)	Sometimes I find myself reading Wikipedia for hours	Cant even begin   Its the ultimate expression of mass intellect	Its a great expression of democracy  and so useful!	+ The best starting point for any research of info or for any random learning trip   Not a 100% accurate or correct  serious purposes require cross checking	A big resource for many research but non at 100% correct	Really good source of information from the obscure to the current	Its the first place to look for information about almost everything	for trivia its ok   but there is no surety that the info in wikipedia is True  also lots of higher label editors r biased myopic and narrow minded :X	My reference of choice on the internet  Remember though that articles may not always be accurate  That applies to other published sources though	Great way to find out a lot of useful information  Not a great resource for real research  but that was never its intention	Wikipedia is fun to use   But the information isnt always super accurate	Amazing service that changed the world	the best open source resource	Im kind of a Wiki whore  Im always on it  Haha	Great resource  Looking into various ways to leverage Wiki even more for clients  Dean Holmes sellingatthetop com/vertis	The first page that comes when i google any unknown word  very helpful	One of the first online projects I donated to	Great place to find info on anything	Need to take information with grain of salt  but overall a fine example of what can be done with a social app bounded mainly by a level of self governance	Pretty amazing and proof that most people want to do the right thing   a robust defense against control freak governments	It is scary that some people go to Wikipedia for information   There is a good reason 30 Rock featured Wikipedia as a joke on its show and Jimmy Fallon did 2	Love the layout and the content	its great for quick facts    not so great for academic research	The best source to find info online	great source of information	Main source for info	Has the potential to be the greatest single achievement of mankind   but Ill have to check my sources to be sure	whats there not to like  This is an information powerhouse that all must use  Use it all the time	Good jumping off point for information	I just cant imagine internet wo Wikipedia  Cooperative knowledge works and roolez :)	YUCKY!!! This is over rated crap  Anyone can add anything they want to it! Its like making Urban Dictionary an official Oxford dictionary	This is my brain on super strong  knowledge increasing  free from all sideeffects except the addiction drugs  Any questions?	love love love	How can anyone not love Wikipedia? It really is an endless source of knowledge to all things	This site gives me faith in the organisational and regenerative power of anarchy	This site is a really good starting point for research but is not always accurate and therefore needs cross checking	knowledge is power baby	NOT a friendly place to write a post  It took me 10+ hours to post  while learning their own code  Even though I had valid references  my post got DELETED!	Great resource  quick and easy way to look up almost anything	Dont use it much  but when I do  it seems useful!	Gets a bad rep in the media and seems to be an easy comic target  But despite all this remains an unmatched source of free  up to date information	great concept mastered	The best  most recently accurate source of information on the planet  It should totally be a legitimate source on scholarly research =P	its been pretty on the ball so far  the accuracy levels pretty good  considering that its open for public contribution	Teachers hate it  The younger generation loves it! Wikipedia rules all information  The most updated website of all time  All hail Wikipedia	Dishonest  pointless  unreliable  organised by cabals turning beliefs into facts by selective referencing  A dangerously widely used website  Should be ignored	Very good source for computer science	If this was the only site I had access to for the rest of my life  I would be content  A treasure trove of knowledge	Its amazed how much information it has! xD	my one source for shady info	Good general data when you dont want others to know how stupid you are by asking questions!	I use Wikipedia every day  amazing how many different and obscure topics it has information on	Teachers hate it    but probably because it bundles knowledge on the web into one site from which when reliable sources are used you learn more than in a class	I know it isnt always right  but its the most convenient way to get a pretty good summary of any topic & can lead you to more reliable sources	When I want answers  quick  Wikipedia is a statement in my daily life  I also use it on my iphone	Very convenient for getting quick information	wiki the awesome place to find ny thing and everything u looking for     sply abt old / new technology or ny kind of info    which m most use to look for	Caught myslef on getting all sciences data form wiki  Not from library or text books	People hate it because you can edit stuff but I use wikipedia to see the scores  and its easier than looking at official websites	Its a good starting point for information	Great site for getting information quickly and easily or for researching more in depth into a topic	current info source	Always fast  even though its funded by donations  Great source of info	as a source of info  ok  try to edit it  then see how you like it	Make contribution to it is a joyful thing	The ultimate source of information  The best knowledge gathering and sharing platform till the date	I dont understand why some people hate Wikipedia; I honestly love it! I believe it is a great source of information and I havent had any problems with it	The most popular and yet wholly unreliable source of information ever	Be smart about how you use it and its an awesome resource  Great place to get some quick info	With wikipedia you dont need to use anything else to find information	I use it for everything  Constantly using it for simple little things like making sure a name is spelled right  or a date is correct	Wiki means FAST! And wikipedia is fast! With 20% of the writers devoting almost 80% of the content! WOW! Thats COLLABORATION!!!!!	Its like a GOD of Information     Lakhan Singh	It is the end all of all information  useful or other wise	It is good for finding information  but is spammed alot	I have found fantastic information on Wikipedia! I love it!	Wikipedia  you look up something simple  get diverted by a link in it     hours later you ask yourself  What was I looking up again? I LOVE YOU WIKIPEDIA!	A great starting point for research but still needs to be more strictly moderated	Wikipedia is good  Wikipedias admins  satanic	Its where I go anytime I need to know something	How did mankind ever survive without Wikipedia?	Greatest brain in the web	Not the most reliable of data sources but a good start to any research	my daily web ressource to know something new	While it isnt information I count on  I find that it is a great jumping off point for research  particularly when you  dont know anything about the topic	It compiles basic knowledge of a subject that people know into an article  Also very convenient for information and definitely underrated	El mejor sitio para aprender	LIL WAYNE WIF3Y NAM3 IS KI3RRA SHIPP CART3R	Good source of information	i collect more new news by this side  good sourse of information	Theres precious little that you cannot find on this user created encyclopedia!	Great for getting a general idea on every topic	i like wikipedia for the most part the only thing tht bothers me is ppl add things themselves	Wikipedia needs to grow and in order to grow it needs our support  Donate to help it sustain and grow to help ourselves expand our knowledge in turn	I just read comments from Wikipedia regararding WND  Iwas shocked at what you said about the founder  I had believed wikipedia was non partian  now i am sure yo	more accurate than most people give it credit for  very reliable	They say that knowledge is power therefore sharing knowledge is a means of empowering others and increasing common understanding  which makes a better world	Possibly the most comprehensive source of knowledge and facts freely available on one single site  Despite criticism  its services are commendable	 boa  mas pode melhorar muito	any article or essay     wana full info   switch to it	almost any topic you can think of  easy to read and comprehend  What a great effort	Its the first place I go for info  and contrary to what others say  its very trustworthy	how many times did it make the homework for me? xD	Who doesnt use wikipedia	God knows everything  So does Wikipedia  well almost  Strikes?	Not always reliable  but I like it	A good and useful thing	Useful     but dont always count on info being reliable	Useful and fast to look things up  but not always reliable	One of the greatest volunteer projects ever!	Great tool and I like the ethos behind it  Only would say that some of the information can be unreliable	I have had this since I have had a  computer but rarely use it altho I should	Constant source for info  Highly appreciated;	who the hell DOESNT love wikipedia?	I prefer Uncyclopedia  but Wikipedia has helped me keep my I know random trivial things status :3	My head is about to explode with knowledge	What an amazing site  the amount of knowledge you can learn is brilliant	it is a great research tool    but beware the not so famous topics might not be accurate or correct	Mom  dad   whats a dictionary?	One of the best sites in the whole internet  it is indispensable today  It makes me glad to live in a world where we have access to all this information  free	It is the lifeline when my partner and I have to look for facts  Otherwise  we could have been enemies for ever Than you wikipedia	Do you really need a review?	Wikipedia is the best overall resource Ive used PERIOD	=> trx oke silahkan	Almost always up to date  Cited resources!	Lol as someone said  how would I be able to do assignments without it? Its a great place for information  love love love it	One of the best overall resources on the web and a fantastic site!	ive been voted as most likely to log on to wiki for all of lifes answers   :D	love it  It works great	Best info source	great! and anyone who says you cant trust it  doesnt know what theyre talking about	My knowledge helper  Very useful during studies	Great  especially for rapidly changing technology info	My go to site for quick infos   assignments  celeb bios  comparison of apps features  rumored devs  movie summaries/spoilers  etc  Beware of grammar potholes	to learn more in easiest technology	I use it daily :)	I cant write anything about this site  it is the internet! Everything you need to know just a search and click away  learnt so much from Wikipedia!	The encyclopedia; yes it is not a  it is the! :D	The best encyclopedia evr	THE source of info on the net  period  Some may question its accuracy since anyone can edit  but they arent clear on the sites edit policies and QA protocol	Its pretty much the best thing that happened in the entire history of things that happening	I use it often  especially to look up band discographys  Very accurate	Good source of information but sometimes not reliable but good to check simple trivial questions on there	Wikis and the global information sharing environment is an essential part of who we are and of our history and arts	Where did people go for information before Wikipedia? To a collection of outdated and expensive books  Welcome to the public encyclopedia for the digital age	I remember gleefully turning to a random page in my old World Book Encyclopedia when I was a kid  I get that same joy from Wikipedia today	My day starts off with Wikipedia  :) I love it	who could live without it? only thing that sux is that those article writing people think they are the masters of language  and who is not sux	Oh Wiki  the amount of times youve done my homework =D	 I am doing a college essay on wikipedia and the reliability of the information it gives  Have you any instances (details a +) where it was wrong?	best place to find reliable information	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	As popular as Google on my browser	An amazing collection of quality articles  all free (in both ways)	Should improve the UI  Other than that  Wikipedia is an exceptional asset for humanity  Really	Not the best place for reliable information   but pretty damn awesome all the same  Also  some vandalism edits can be hilarious	Vastly better than any other alternative	Always there to look up information and learn new stuff	Its known to be one of the most comprehensive encyclopedia out there  yet its not legal to use it as a source during your study You have 2 use outdated print!	Im always using Wikipedia to look up things on the fly  Super fast and informative	Wikipedia has always been my favorite place for editions :) I love Wikipedia for the way it is  And thanks to Google for all the support	Great for science information history some is good some is bad but great source to start getting information on a topic	I know   we have to received good and reject bad things     So we have to do it right now	ensiklopedia terbaik dan terlengkap	Gotta love the wonderful Wikipedia!	Wikipedia is a great concept but I feel that it is very much bloated and usefulness as well as reliability can be very questionable!	But only as an basic learning tool  otherwise often biased  bloated and inaccurate  Use with caution		
337165	Probably the most comfortable language ever developed	If ever a non esoteric programming language could be described as chaotic evil  it is PHP	Dreadful language used mainly by dreadful programmers	one of the most easy to use languages in the world!!!	its very good language that easy to learn and use	rock the web with PHP	The Best Web Language	It is a good programming language! No wonder its used almost everywhere!	Way better than ASP	This language is easy to learn  but programming in any language is hard to master	Best simple server side language ever :)	PHP is simple & quick to learn  yet extremely powerful	Extremely awkward syntax  Feels like it has a hangover from ancient times  much like ColdFusion  Good points: very widely used; large fan base for help	If I cant use Perl I take PHP	php is the web hero	I couldnt imagine making websites without PHP	One of the most widely used things for making websites :D		
337285	This is a great site  and the ability to scrobble your posts just makes it better!  :)	I really enjoy this site  Im a new dj on there  Its quite fun	I discover new songs/remixes of favorite artists this way  Great potential here would be better with some added functionality	Love blip fm  It adds another dimension to my Twitter experience	Ive never been able to get into this  prefer other music sites like Last fm	Im one of the few that never tried Last fm   I like Blip fm   Very easy  Automatically tweets too  So far  so good	I love it!   Ive found some great new friends on Blip fm	Loving this site so far	My fave music site ;)	I tried this  shared it  and it was great!	www Blip fm/mellejohnson is my station and is easy to use as Twitter and great if you have your own content to promote  Plus the founders are very open	I signed up for this site and it sent a spammy DM under my name to all 1000 of my followers   This is a professional account  Im furious	I think its Great invention!	I use it daily :)	I use it everyday all day  I love it	Its an interesting way to spread your love for music		
337161	Seamless integration between Amazon S3 and OS  Automatic backup is really useful  Would love it if it could edit ACL	I have been using Jungle Disk for over a year  Good until you need to restore  Restored every file / folder ever deleted or renamed  huge MESS! Awful Support	Just tried it  works like a charm but its a bit slow  Theres a comparison of Jungle Disk and CloudBerry over at http://bit ly/gkyS7	So far  its great  That said  I havent had to do a restore  But you can map the cloud space as a drive  so direct file access shouldnt be a problem		
337280	Simple and easy way to manage money within my communities	Yeah  Scred rules!	This is absolutely essential if you spend money with other people  Roommates  boyfriends  girlfriends  parents  anyone  Best web application of its kind	neat new site		
390680	Decent fast & pretty cool data transfer at a time Throw your portable devices if you dont like or hate this coolest data transfer app Youll lose easiness	    but since my iPhone is one of my best friends  I didnt use or need it	I love the hands free  but not the Cancer	A brilliant short range communication protocol  best of all its free  who can complain?!	free  wireless and universal   whats not to like?	A revolutionary way to exchange files  pictures and music    along with the addition of headsets  as well!	tidak bisa membayangkan jika harus tetap menggunakan infra merah		
336739	It makes things much more easier with just get know your updates in a single predecessor  without have to sign up every time to open an app	Really great combination of several products  Has some stability and performance problems preventing love it from me  but those will hopefully get worked out	It does what it does well  However  its got some stability issues and is a bit of a memory hog  The logging interface  however  is the best one around	Would be my favorite messenger if not for its horrid memory usage  Good  but not great	Like it  but until they remove the need for their servers to be up to even use it  it wont be love   Still useful and my favorite multi im client	this is a great app that lets you group (most) all of your chat clients and social networking sites in one  very nice ui as well	occasional annoyances   if I find out its the one making the annoying bu whup sounds I cant trace its going in the trash	Not perfect but its support for so many services wins it for me	A great app   but the memory useage is horrendous	Really slick and simple  If only you could say that about most apps	sucks rather use pidgin	Digsbys been wonderful to me  great integration with Twitter  LinkedIn  and Facebook   Its a real memory hog  though	I use digsby for msn  googletalk  for checking mail  for folling twitter  and I use it on my blog    Very cool IM	Useful and practical  Hogs memory	Exceedingly useful app  Does exactly what you want it to do  Integrates all your accounts  Used in combination with Flock browser is lethal social websurfing	Found this app yesterday  very useful! Msn  Gtalk  Facebook  Twitter  Hotmail and Gmail in the same place	Digsby is on top of all my contacts from IMs like Yahoo to Socialnetworks like Twitter    easy to use and powerful! Thanks Digsby! Keep it up!	Multiple IM networks and social networks in one simple app  Very stable and feature rich  yet simple	Excellent IM features  and the GMail functions are handy  Twitter client is basic  but definitely covers all the basics  including multiple accounts	Digsby is a one stop shop for all your social networking needs + chat and email  Fantastic	Super good!  Extremely useful  works with all sorts of protocols and social networks	Its the best of what is a poor selection of chat clients out there	I use it as my sole IM app for GTalk  AIM and Facebook Chat  I love it and look forward to the next features and enhancements!	Great integration of IM and social networks  Ive been using it for a while on Windows but looking forward to the Linux port	Great IM client  I love how it integrates everything I care about in one small window  Interface is really minimalistic and thats the way I like it	Tried it for a while  didnt care for it too much   Geared more toward teens  I think	Since it uses your PC connection without explicitly asking you  Ive uninstalled it	I just wish it had a bit more social networks on it  Otherwise its a must	Intsant Messenger with excellent social network integration	Brilliant aggregate of communications for the desktop  While I have feature request  I appreciate the functionality that is currently provided	Top tool  I only have to login once and all my im and email accounts are all in the one spot  Plus the notifications are a real productivity aid :) Blip it!	Best multichat client	Digsby has replaced Trillian  Pidgin  and all other IM clients for me  Its easy to use and very feature rich	Easy to pull in various IM accounts and social networking tools  Runs a little slow  but simplifies my life	Good  feature rich app  but I still think it needs a little bit of work	Best multi protocol Windows client Ive seen even though it doesnt support Sametime	many themes and cool looks but takes hell lot of time to connect to the network i use pidgin instead	replaced all my IM apps in my windows laptop	Tried every IM and this one suits me the most  Connects to all networks including major social networks and email  Missing some features but nothing crucial	great client  but it runs slow on my system	Easy to use and covers just about anything you want it to  Issues pop up  yes but theyre quickly fixed up by the developers which is admirable	Great communication platform  covers many third party IM and email applications  customizable too!	Makes life so much easier if you have several IM accounts  with everything in one place and only 1 app to open (apart from Skype)	Keeping track of all e mail accounts and SM sites was getting time consuming  Digsby solves this problem  Boost in productivity	Several IM accounts in one place  just perfect! Its easy to use too  Just waiting Linux version	wat a great tool to connect to everything    work can finally take a proper back seat	uso diariamente e gosto   simples e funcional mas pode melhorar	One single app to monitor multiple accounts of IM  GTalk Gmail Facebook Twitter	Can you say integration?  All my IM and mail in one place!	very convenient IM and twitter client	1 million functions in one client	very intrusive  it installs a lot of addons and modifies configurations of web browsers	vary good client	easy integration of my IMs and micro blogs  RAM heavy  though	A really good multi im client out there  Very functional and good looking but bulky and cumbersome at times  Can improve a lot and has got potential to be best!	Good   great    best    Now I dont need to manage so many IM clients    Surely recommended	love it i sum all in one with stabilty and cool dark skin             thumps up	Email  IM  Twitter and Facebook all in one nifty little app? Are you kidding me?	A good IM client but not the best  Went back to WLM straight away	the social Im that over 1m people use	I used to use Trillian  now Digsby is always running on my computer  I couldnt live without it	Digsby is awesome! Its got everything I need in 1 little app!   <a href=http://www codeshout com/tracking202/redirect/dl php?t202id=1607>Download it now!</a>	What more could I ask for  Its got everything I need	Hmmm Trying to figure this out It seems awesome!	 digsby it is amazing software easy to use and i love it	really like digsby  it give me little updates at the bottom of my screen for all of my email accounts  twitter  facebook  and lets me chat with everyone too	use the portable version and avoid all the extras   great for its social media integration with IMs	I didnt enjoy this client    found it ugly  and its Windows only   Cmon  make something for good OSs  too!	Amazing stuff  connects to social networks  email  and IM Clients altogether	Digsby  Ya dig? Awesome    chat  mail  facebook     Incredible    If only it was as customizable as adium  which doesnt have to focus on mail and facebook	Keeps my various web identities organized and just a click away  Support are very responsive also  Would love if Nimbuzz and Digsby partnered :)	Digsby really simplifies my life No need for windows open or even to visit any site to read all of my emails IMs & friends updates  Change skins & IM colors eas	Functional if the interface is still a bit clunky	I didnt care for it much  i had it for about 4 days and got tired of it	Awesomeness  Could use a slicker UI though	i dont know but its good web site                        some times	easy to keep tack of ALL my accounts and has extremely friendly settings that make it discrete and not annoying at all	No Mac option     UI is a little 1990s	Great application for Instant Messaging and social networking notifications	One of the Best apps out there  And deffinatily the best im client	Multiprotocol IM client that does social networks and checks email   Whats not to like?  Stable  nice interface  enough options  lots of network support	A nice interface that on the whole works well  but its awful memory problems mixed with it raping the CPU every now and then make it unusable	Its a great IM client but it needs a light version so it doesnt consume CPU  Also  with some accounts  they then to have connection fails	Most likely the best one out there but for me I receive connections failures alot	Great application     all my social networks in one app!	i like face book but i am not normally used it because in our university bond the facebook	not available for Mac OSX : (	Its my chat client  twitter client  facebook client and all my social networks client  Really amazing creation  Cant live without it  Get it you wont regret!	I love the functionality it provides  but the company behind Digsby has been known for shady practices  The features they provide are second to none  though	http://www anchoi8x co cc Hot sexy girl Viet Nam Show hang tu suong  scandal sock 9x	now i can just type one pw to connect to 12 accounts =D	huh   thanks so much my friend   i dnt knw u before  !!u are quality  of cozzz	Keep track of everything in one place! Great app!		
22168	I cant blip about blippr  VIDEO GAME IT IS! I wished that my importing of lists worked better  For now  meh  I like it	I LOVE the idea  but Blippr needs to expand to consumer products ASAP  I want to be able to review my phone  TV  car  etc  It would be so useful!	Great start  fun service  LOVE the UI (esp  the bar) Want to see SMS  and Id like code to embed my blips   Also want restaurant / business reviews (micro yelp)	I need more shit to blip about such as businesses (pizza hut  best buy  etc)  The review catagories need to expand   Overall a great site	Twitter + Reviews  What seems so obvious in hindsight could be now a lot of fun	A great start for this site  I can see Blippr really become a helpful source for reviews with a larger user base  I also would like to see more blip types	Great site  I would love to have more things to blip about	love the site  its fun to read and throw in my two cents on products that Im  in some way attached to	Blippr a site that you can check out the stuff that you are attached to	I love the easy to understand rating system	The new version should make blippr a real contender in the social networking market  Tell your friends: lets make blippr the next big thing!	fun fun fun :) pretty awesome for awhile then gets boring and then becomes fun again	It beats a stick in the eye	Okay  so Im biased  But truly  I do love blippr  first as a user  then as a founder  I know we have much more to do  but I like where were heading	The perfectly pleasing last round peg to fit in the pathetically square hole of all the R ending sites   This one is the best!  Now  media  feel my wrath!	My first impression is that its a beta project still in need of tweaking    only time will tell if it has any real traction	Its fun  super easy to use  and a little bit addicting  sort of like how Facebook is a little bit addicting	I really like the idea and the website works relatively well  but it is cluttered and was a little frustrating to get going	Gradually improving but works needs to be done  Make it so that you can blip ANYTHING   literally	Brilliant idea and desperately needed simplicity in the obnoxious world of Web 2 0   Everyone needs to get all their friends to use it	Reviews of films/music/games/apps/books in a twitter style   wish more people would use it	Fun: reviewing in context  Give you something to sound off about  instead of just mindless banter  this more focuses	Fantastic!  Exponentially more useful than everyone I know telling me what mood theyre in    sheesh   Great new design  keep up the good work!	Cool to share multimedia contents reviews opinions & views in a single platform	Blippr beat me in the eye with a stick	It was the RSS feeds of my Blips that drew me here and I grew to love the simplicity and improvements   I would love to see product reviews (i e  electronics)	Im loving this so far  very intuitive and very fun!	Instant fun: Twitter for movies  games  apps  and music	youre on it blipping and blipping how can you say that you dont like this site ;)	blippr is a great service  even better now apps have been added  everyone should give it a go	I think its great so far  Quite addicting	One of the greatest creations since the pencil sharpener  Great to review pop culture stuff  Now if it would only add a comics section	One of the best things to hit the web since Twitter  Blippr should be integrated with every site  :)	I obviously adore this site  :) Its fun and addicting	I am biased but think Blippr is the best micro review site on the intertubes  Addicting ;)	Forget Twitter  I hate it  Blippr however has brought me  in more ways than one  into the web 2 0 world  Ive got a crush on it	The latest changes were not good  Im looking forward to see better blippr	In the beginning  there was the web   Then there was Blippr   What more do we need?	Its awesome  its easy  its a resource and its well designed  Love it!	short  sweet  opinionated	Cool service but waiting to become usefull (waiting for my friends to discover it!)	Love to be able to review stuff quickly and with impact	Good site   Love it!	Easy to use  nice look  Really like the smiley icons that appear inline in other reviews	Blippr is the best thing since sliced bread  probably	Nice idea! Very nice to come here and read actually real reviews!	GREAT! Perfect for Twitter users because you write reviews in 160 letters or less  (just like how Twitter uses 140 or less)	Nice micro review service   could be useful	Perfect for those who like to be brief & concise in their reviews!	beginning to like it =)	Just testing out this social rating thing  Works nicely  not sure if Ill use it much	Its fun and I trust my friends opinions more than reviewers	now that its part of Mashable Im more likely to use it  Nice one!	A really really fun micro review site  Love the concept and am now addicted!	Heck Yeah  I love how the interface gets better every time I log on	Testing this blipping app out  So far  its blipping okay  Im blipping sleepy  Blipp off	Oddly addictive  I concour	I like it  should be part of something else  or provide more integration!	Potentially a very useful and interesting service   Looking forward to the upcoming WP plugin which Ill definitely add to my site	Cute but quite buggy  Has addictive/useful potential though	I like it too  good of Mashable to buy it and inform me about it! Great site	Its a versatile feature rich micro blog   Come in follow your interest and pursue your passion    Let us know what they are inquiring minds want to know  :)	If it werent for Blippr I wouldnt be here enjoying myself! =D	I love this site and what is possible with micro reviewing    I will spend many hours on this site	very nice :) twitter is in danger from now  :D	I like Blippr    just started using it today  My first impression is that this is what the Videos Images sections of Digg com should have been	Its becoming addictive to rate and review my favorite items  Congrats on making a simple service that is fun to use and be part of	Its pretty sweet! Thanks for Mashable liking it  I jumped on the band wagon	Awesome idea  but needs more users	A simple and clean interface makes the whole experience of blipping a joy  The recommendations I have received have proven to be inspired  so go blippr!	Ive been a user for a whole 5 minutes  and I absolutely love this interface! I have to give blippr props for even interesting me in a site of this type	not even a day using it and im already hooked :)	like blippr so far   still exploring	New user here  I love the idea and websites interface  Good job!	Cool site  I think it could turn into a great resource if enough people contribute	This is the best idea for a website Ive seen since Twitter	Good idea  and it could be great once more people start using it  but not terribly useful currently	Im new  but I absolutely adore it so far	Webs new sensation	Its true   good reviews do come in small packages  The The: Uh uh is one example	a twitter for reviews   hmm : ) i love it !!	Well  if I didnt like it  I wouldnt be here  right?	reviews in gral  are good  social reviews are better =D *award for innovation*	its really nice I like how I can rate apps  books  games  movies or music ;D	the blip blip blip of tiny little blips	Just joined Blippr    still finding my way around	Need more customizable categories & better iPhone interface	Just turned on to blipper but this is a very cool tool   Great way to add informative tweets fast	Cool  clean  functional  easy to use site   Intuitive and fun	Seems like a good way to improve blog visits! ;)	I wish I had photographed myself when realizing this wasnt just about the web apps    Books  games  movies  music    This is soooo awesome!	Dang  I wanna buy some stock	I have just discovered this today via Mashable and it is addictive   I am a blippr and Ive blipped 25 times in one day	nice idea  not the best ui ive seen	Been using it for just 5 minutes  but its simple and works well  Twitterers should try it ;)	WOW! I am really impressed with blippr it is a great SEO booster social networking tool	Interesting  and oddly addictive	Discovering this new app	love this review site :D	Awesome review site  totally addictive	160 characters isnt enough for a decent review  Stupid idea	Im still new but liking it  Would be nice if we could expand the categories a little  Not sure if that would detract from the point  though	This is a great place to talk about those things we all got hahaha opinions  Its a comfortable relaxed setting  u can share on all your favs & its fun 2! #un	Holy crap this place is addictive!	Lots of interesting and useful info here	Awesome  Spread the word	Will be the perfect tool when people will start using it massively  But the concept is so good  Simple is everything	i have just joined but i really like it!	Just started using Blippr quite like it	I signed up for Blippr and I like the feature! nice job =)	I like the idea and your implementation  I would love the site to be a bit faster (use Ajax more )	An easy interface for reviewing stuff  Custom tweet format would be nice	Really easy to use  Makes me wanna blippr more and more	Not a bad concept but quite unstable so far  Also I am curious to see how you are going to keep people hooked but hope you succeed!	Just starting using today   So far has been very user friendly!!	Quite addicting haha  Needs more AJAX though	Ive been trying this out for all of 10 minutes and I love it	Just getting started blipp but I love that it has apps  books  games  movies & music! Uugg  not enough time! ;)	Seriously getting this thing to connect with my other accounts is ANNOYING!!!	its ok so far i just have to get used too it!	Im using it right now  arent I? Im addicted!	Like Twitter with context so it actually makes sense and is interesting	Blippr is fuuuuuuuuun! Helps me find all sorts of new stuffs :)	Blippr is one of my new favorite sites  Incredibly useful and great for short reviews	nice service  enjoyable	I think its the best site to review!	It is a good site to keep the stuff youve been watching/listening/using etc  A shame that it doesnt have everything in it	So far Im loving blippr but more of my friends need to join AND they need an iPhone app!	Great place to learn new stuff and hear what others are saying  :D	I couldnt creat a new blippr app	First day on it and feeling good about it  Technically a very good make   Loved idea of textbox background fill as you type in About You box in profiles	Just got into this  Fun way to keep up with your media and entertainment	Great review site	Dear Blippr  please make your site less addictive  Thank you	Nice  otherwise I wouldnt be writing this here ;)	The idea sounds cool	I love the idea behind this  Servers seem a bit sluggish though  ahhh  and a 504 error while trying to post THIS! needs some work	its weird to blip about blippr   BUT I love it  Concise  simple and direct  No rambling reviews  Love the recommendations sections	i like it   there is also wakoopa where you can share your software opinions	blippr com ?? started to use it	Well   its simple and helps finding the good stuff  what need I say more	Looks good for reviewing and discovering media  I guess I should try it out some time :p	I like the idea  but there are still many things that I dont know about it  I wish I have friends that use it  so I could talk to them about it	Interesting  Not sure if it will replace IMDB for movie recommendations  but      time will tell	This is a great idea! No need to read very long reviews! Its all here in 140 characters or less!	I gotta admit  its addicting and I found quite a few new stuff using it  Needs a gadget section!	I smiled when I first saw it  nice idea	Just trying out Blippr and loving it!!!	I love blippr because I can share what I love!	Just getting used to it :P	Great idea! but wish the site would be more mobile friendly and work on more browsers by displaying correctly	lovely stuff   usefull and nice	Useful but really slow :(	blip about blippr  hmmm  thats like go to google com and search for google com	Ok  so you just blipped the dang thing itself    How can you NOT give the I Love It! You cant even blip it without IT        Weirdos	good concept  simple interface  we will see how they are able to take advantage of all this personalized data to benefit their users and not just profiling	Looks good so far   although this is my first ever blip	I just visit blippr today but i love it from the fist second	Kind of cool with what you can do here; I like it a lot  the lack of RSS/Atom feeds frightens me a bit  7/10	I love Blippr because it doesnt allow people to ramble on about how much they hate or love something  Plus my attention span is short	hay  afreen  by sana	Kinda cool  Semi brainless which suits me perfect these days	blippr hasnt gotten the recognition it deserves   as user reviews become more important and need for decent app directory grows blippr will flourish	No idea what is it for yet  So far I like it	Still testing it so I may Love It! later	could do without the ads    whats it for anyway    what am I supposed to do?	Interesting and easy to use tool to share opinions	Love this site! So much fun!	Neat idea  attractive execution	meeh like larry david would say	I saw some dislikes and hates and I have to say: You  who blipped the dislikes and hates  you blipped  right? So  you used Blippr	Blippr! First time I have actually enjoyed posting anything on the internet  Thanks  Blippr people  Very Much	i love tht some1 came up with a review site like this	Fills a void the PIM market   Its simple and works for the most part   I do question why limit it to just 5 categories   Why not make the categories infinite?	nice site  useful reviews but not working very good in IE8 (so i need to turn on compatibility view)	Used to be great  then stopped working properly for ages  Now redesigned (sans OpenID!) and worse for it  Please just make it the way it was when I signed up!	jack is my son  he love it ^^ His age just 5 years old ^^	The new Blippr redesign is live   check it out! :)	Whats not to love  simple reviews w/o long rants	Quick and simple   how social media should be	Simplicity is my best friend	Simplicity rules  and I love it!	i hv just started & lovin it	Seems really cool   still getting used to it   new ideas	just starting to explore!	Im still exploring blippr  There are various of application here	I am loving blippr and I like the way it keep asking me to review similar softwares    its really nice tool	Loving the Blippr improvements  Nice	Lawl  Blippr review on Blippr  Creative  Anywhoo  I just started using it today    I enjoy it	potentially really cool  very important: please fix it so that any product only has one link!	I just love telling people what I think about a product   Thats all	very nice when integrated with blog posts	I wish I discovered blippr sooner  Its really good! I might use this a lot more often! ;)	This fast became my favourite site for reviewing  offering a simple way to record the films/ books/ apps/ games that I have watched/ read/ used/ played	Every update brings shiny new toys that make me want to review more and more  MOAR!	A simple well though out system only marred by a couple of rather large compatibility bugs and a few problems with the auto fill system picking the wrong movie	the sickness   its recommendations could use some work though	Newbie   but it is delicious :)	new way is always good to meet new people  and share thinking about anowadey world	Great site     obviously right?? Im sitting here writing reviews on it	Nice integration with other social networks	I prefer this to Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes  for instance  since I can see my friends ratings  Really like the Web 2 0 features of the site  too	The easiest/best signup process I have ever seen	DEALER PULSA ETRONIK	just started using it     lets see ;)	love it still learning to use it	This site makes it HASSLE FREE to post things I know my readers will learn from	Just getting into blippr  still getting the hang of it  but so far I like what I see and reviewing things I use / have	Very good  but needs more users to give fairer ratings	Can rate things I am using	IS TOYOTA MOTOR SALES KEEPING SECRETS?  Why has the Managing Counsel of Legal & Corporate Responsibility from Toyota Motor Sales  U S A   Inc  sent threatenin	when will we be able to rate TV programmes?	Could do with fixing the sign in options (dumped me to a blank page) but like the idea!	So far I like blippr  I only signed up this morning  but so far so good	Blippr  Vimeo  Veoh  and other media sites all rolled into one which in part  was Googles overall design mechanism is doing very well indeed	Love doing mini reviews on Blippr! :)	Blippr made some cool changes lately  I am an early adopter too  would be good if they have bog ratings and better profiles	i just joined today   i love it    its 2 gud	Fairly addicting  simple to use  and its turning into a very nice service  More connections and better ways to find things to review are my top requests	Not integrated enough in my daily social media mashup	Just got started with Blippr  but so far Im really loving it! As a web designer/developer  I also find it very clean and inspirational!	It is basically tweeting reviews  I love the concept of Twitter so I love this too! I would really like a neutral option though	Easy  quick and simple   Good stuff	New website I visited its gonna be Ok	Kinda started lets see how it goes  Till now its cool :)	It still needs some work  but Im liking it so far	its decent so far it was easy to get started and i am liking how recommendations pop up right away	Checking out the Blippr Review pluggin	I will Love it! =D when they make an iPhone app	Really great idea to rate the web ;) But reviews without any comment should be allow  But only allowed  the commend function shouldnt be abandonned in any case	I just started on blippr   I am already liking the interface	so much fun    very insightful!	Just added to my blog  Some issues as the background my site uses is black  but hopefully it will still work out alright	I like the idea but I think it is a bit slow	I just found this site thanks to Mashable but I am LOVING IT!	hey people waas going on	blippr dalam situs blippr?	Its ok  but all these light boxes are a bit annoying	A fast and effect way of rating and finding things you will enjoy	Lets keep this short and sweet! For that is what blippr is all about!	yes I life it very much  Sanjeev		
336857	A good site with good intentions  but Yelp should focus more on the reviews and less on the social	A great spot for local information  even if a little distracting from the core focus at times	Not really used but I can see this being very useful	They have a great site with passionate users  but the overall experience could be improved (mobile  iPhone  etc )  It needs to be easier to write reviews	Yelp has expanded my gustatory horizons   What an awesome example of crowdsourcing and leveraging social media   Nom	Really useful  And fun too!	I have a love/hate with Yelp   love that it uncovers local places that wouldnt get noticed by media  but hate the meaningless star ratings system	Not bad and I use a fair amount   info is only as good as its user base tho  A bit of a kudos community	i use yelp all the time to look up new places to try  on a sidenote  i love that theyve given new life to the previously underutilized word yelp	I use yelp ALL the time 2 find restaurants or to decide what Im in the mood 4  The reviews have been very helpful & it even gives phone # & directions	Mattress Discounters! The best shopping experience   Great selections in all price ranges & styles   Customer Service that was excellent(John W ) Will be back!	It serves a necessary function  I suppose   The answer is not to change Yelp  but to develop and offer alternatives that fill make up for its shortcomings	Im a buisness owner  In the last 2 days yep has deleted half our reviews  They are all legit from long time customers  Yelp is almost impossibe to contact	Yelp is a very nice app for finding places to eat  Citysearch is better in most large cities but Yelp is better every where else	Yelp is my go to source for new restaurants    and helps me out a ton with my job (relocation guides)	Good for finding local restraunts!	Huge Scam Dazzle White does not work and they charge your cc 79 a month unauthorized by you and no cust spprt made me wait 35min and Beatrice hung up on me!	I agree with the business owner  Yelp is unrealiable and unless you sign up and pay them will they treat you fairly  90% of the comments come from 10% readers	Hi  I just went to a wonderful Spa in the Sacrament area  Esthetics by Jeanette  I had the most wonderful facial by Anne  She was very experienced  Great!	!!!!! be worry  yelp is dangerous!! they are do faike  lay Too many people want suit yelp	I like Yelp   I found great flooring guy polski remodeling and flooring  and they did a great job   also I check reviews for restaurants   and stores	Yelp sucks  Its for frustrated people who have nothing nice to say   It hurts the merchants and does not improve anyones life whatsoever	A review site for everyone!  I highly recommend	As an Elite member  I think you can guess that I love my Yelp  You will to  Join today and get your Yelp on!	I ate at the new MaximoPino Cafe at 6th ave and 13th Street  Im Italian and if you taste their food You will think you are in Italy Everything is Imported	a very useful app with authentic  reviews from real people!	http://washingtondc craigslist org/doc/vnn/1622793218 html	As a Hollywood photographer  I have been lucky to have PHOTOMAX on Sunset blvd and Poinsettia take care of my photographic images  Excellent service by BEN		
338003	I liked it so much I paid the 12 for a license without ever seeing an advert  The UI is stunning  and showing @replies and DMs as threads is a great idea	Easily the best Twitter app for OS X  Its slick interface makes it irresistible  and its wonderful UI makes it easy to use	Smooth  simple and powerful where it counts	Suh weet   Im all about something that keeps me connected to the twitterverse without taking up tons of space	Great  I even found a promo code on Daring Fireball (the promo code is DARINGFIREBALL)	Really great  especially when its free  Its really great for catching up on your overnight tweets	Good looking  easy to use and has everything at a glance  Easily the best Twitter app for Mac	i like it  i wish someone saw all the important features in the top twitter clients and combined them into one  tweetie is slick  but missing some key features	Very pretty and fits right into the aesthetic look Mac has going  Had TweetDeck and twhirl  but Tweetie wins hands down for being the most simple and efficient	Its easy  elegant  simple but powerful  It has everything I need	Its really simple and fast  Looks awesome and runs great  Everyone should have this!	Beautiful  speedy and very simple  Still has quite a few UI annoyances though	Its simple  elegant  Love it	how many apps have I tried?   multi column  power user   I keep coming back	Tweetie is my twitter client of choice  I like it b/c it is a small  clean  simple app that lets me do exactly what I want  It also has a built in URL shortener	Sweet  simple and has everything I need  Perfect for multiple accounts	Tweetie does what I need it to do  URL shortening and Twitpic support is great and you cant beat the killer interface	The best Twitter client for Mac ever!	Simple easy to use	its really good  fast and very    very    well  fashionable? useful really and small	looks just like th eiphone app   saves me time and space	Its small  agile and good looking  All I need in a Twitter app	Yes  I (ha+lo)ve it! The best twitter client on Mac	Good UI but no scripting  new release crashes on 10 5 5	Many twitter clients outside  this one is great	just like the iphone one  it is great	This is the best native Twitter app I have found for Mac  Even the ads are gorgeously presented in the free version  Fantastic	it misses a lot of features that i love about the iPhone version	Really slick looking native Twitter app for the Mac	liked it; still ok; multi user handling confusing; like Socialite or Lounge now for desktop	awesome   Love the hotkeys	I used this all the time  but eventually got bored of the interface and removed  will install when it gets a make over! :)	yeah this app have some visual effect   love it when showing image via twitpic		
336735	Play any song  playlists  autoplay  its awesome   I expect theyll need to create a revenue model soon  though   Is it legal?  Not sure	Grooveshark is the best!  Im listening right now!	My online music player	This site is like Pandora but better more info and you can pick the songs you want to hear	Nice app/service but not used it much	I love grooveshark for various reasons	Picking the songs you want hear  saving playlists  playing recommended songs and sharing everything makes this one a gem  Misses some necessary features though	Enormous library of songs  just choose one and listen  easy	Really nice alternative to Pandora  Gives more control and the same features	Great  because it lets you listen to whatever music you want  legally  and for free  Also lets you save playlists	Cool idea lets see how it stacks up against Pandora	just found this    this is awesome :D I luvs it	Cool! Fast and easy! Love it	This site is unethical  use spotify instead	Oh jeez  in Italy it has been shut down!	i think it is absolutely fantastic	great music site!	its pretty good but idk yet	I used Grooveshark for a few days and got infected with viruses twice  I did my research first and it seemed safe but apparently not  dont use it	wow what a great Web Music Player much better then Last fm or any other  music play	this was an issue with our advertisement networks which weve since dropped  its affected other flash sites too  give grooveshark another chance!	If pandora isnt working this is your next stop	+ much more music than Spotify has  + no installation needed + no audio ads    Spotify has still better and faster interface   not 100 % legal in some coun	Great Music Player! No Problems!	a great place to search and listen to music!	Slick interface  humongous library of songs  and a large community of music lovers  Grooveshark is AWESOME	brilliant interface    it has the best songs and with great clarity + playlist sharing and what not !!  http://krishrao com/?p=200  Check out my review on i	really slick interface  much better than blip fm & last fm     intuitive & neat!	i LOVE GROOVESHARK MORE THAN I COULD EVER LOVE A HUMAN CHILD  :)	Until today  Ive had no problems with the Groove and have been using it for about one year  Now  I cant even pull it up on Internet Explorer  Whats up?	The best music streaming service  Fast  slick & less cluttered design  Very user friendly  Wide variety of collections	its got every thing on it there ant one thing you cant find		
338368	Im a fan  I wish it was a bit simpler/customizable/attractive  but it gets the job done  Definitely the most popular project management tool for # of  reasons	Even though it has its limitations  Basecamp is still incredibly simple and great for keeping teams in sync	Basecamp is great  Live it everyday	Quick and easy   have turned lots of chums on to it  Works well alone and with other programmes	Have been using it more since getting a netbook    i find it requires a decent size screen		
336742	As youd expect from Apple  iWork is simpler than Office but just as powerful  Being able to export in DOC and PDF formats makes iWork a viable replacement	The best office suite available   Much better than Microsoft Office and sports more features   Cheaper too!	Love the entire suite!	Worth the price for a single application  Keynote  which puts Powerpoint to shame The suite comes with much more: Pages for writing and Numbers for spreadsheets	Nice    Still think Office is better   This is about the same price	I Work All Day with iWork 09	Much more user friendly than Microsoft Office  Providing a range of layouts and templates  iWork is both simple and enjoyable to use	looks much better than Microsoft office		
336741	I used to use uTorrent  but then I found Transmission which is a cleaner  simpler  more customisable alternative  Also regularly updated  so its very reliable	Clean  simple and effective torrent client for mac  Gets better with each update! Recommended	All singing and dancing torrent client	Reliable and simple  Also well supported and constantly updated	Very fast and simple  Great combination	Smooth torrent client	Simple  well organized bittorrent client  I use it on Ubuntu	I hate it  I dont like the layout  I prefer Deluge		
336982	It finally arrived! New Challenge and Two Player modes are awesome  150+ free tracks to download  The new look is great  too  Tapulous continues to amaze me	Graphics are amazing and the new songs are a blast   Ive never had so much fun at a game that I am so bad at :)  Im amazed that something so good is FREE	Its fun  Much better than Tap Tap Revenge   Fun iPod touch game	I loved it since it was just a simple jailbroken app  Ive watched my baby grow up	So much fun  with awesome tracks and visuals	I liked it while I was into secular music  good songs  nice graphics  a bit laggy    When will we be able to make our own tap tracks? Tap Tap Jesus coming soon	Good job Kyle!	FREE TRACKS YAY!	I liked it before the update   I think the whole background and notes just look weird now		
336860	love that  Craigslist doesnt try to aspire to anything other than being an extremely useful  local  classifieds site   integrity and a clear mission	I mean  whats the point? All the gigs are either worthless phishing expeditions or the pay offered is a pittance  Nthanks  Craigslist	Hey  CL worked for me  Nearly immediate response to my application  excellent new job shortly after  still happy a year later  Whats not to like?	Its a shame that its being overrun with spam  Its making me like Craigslist less and less  but it still has a place in my heart	Simple and Sweet! (Found my first apartment and job on Craigslist)	who doesnt hate the tacky classifieds look  but I cant deny its helped me find multiple apartments and an amazing deal on a tv	Prefer Gumtree  Craigslist may be good for the USA but is pretty poor in the UK	LOOKS AND WORKS GREAT!!!!!!!!!	Its a great localized classified site  but one must be aware of scams		
337397	Amazing 3D way of searching the web for pictures  essential plugin for your internet browser  And free  too	I tried this for a while  but searching is easy enough already  Why add all these unnecessary frills?	the new feature supporting local content is wild	Its just like view photos on Apple Macbook Exciting & utter classy to browse images The 3D way & smooth scrolling is absolutely cool	really good way of displaying info and really like the 3d effects thou its fun not useful to me	Cool way to browse your pics; the 3D view/scroll is smart  Some nice GUI features too  Like it  although non essential in the grand scheme of things		
506146	Sweet app for sharing places that I go	Now I just need to convince my friends that a polished UI/UX is more important than being The Mayor of somewhere	Its fun to put your city (in my case  Indianapolis) on the map with Gowalla!!!	Gowalla is absolutely epic! It makes me happy dance	This is all the rage with the professional Twitter community in Oklahoma City   Everyone seems to use this app	Entertaining  great graphics and easy and fast to use	Love the matt cartoony graphics! More heart than Foursquare	A beautiful interface  compelling features (both useful and fun)  well organized data  The best in the social geolocation space	not sure the reward bit is compelling though		
337274	NutshellMail helps me keep track of all my Facebook  Twitter and other email accounts activity by sending me consolidated email alerts on a schedule I choose	Very practical to get a daily digest summary of several Email accounts and social sites like Facebook and Twitter	gives you all your facebook  and your last 20 tweets  plus who foll/unfoll you  etc  as email  you set the times	Nutshellmail is real useful    tout le temp!	http://www youtube com/watch?v=QkuntgxP3TU I find it pointless and stupid	http://www anchoi8x co cc Hot sexy girl Viet Nam Show hang tu suong  scandal sock 9x		
386190	SocialScope so far has been my favorite Twitter application for BlackBerry  Very useful  great yet simple design  loaded with features with more being added	They need to receive 3729428395825 emails in order to send u an invite   Ubertwitter is much better	SocialScope is a convenient Blackberry app that enables monitoring Twitter and Facebook from one intuitive interface	 Great Program   Swift refresh and great intergration of Accounts		
572515	Good idea  i have one zub  Follow !Turku  But dont know if I start regulary spend time in Zubworld  *EDIT* LOVE IT =D	Love it   Im constantly checking it and i can see it being as addictive as facebook and twitter	I am travelling around parts of the US this year and have already found out alot of information on the places im visiting  Think its great	Really great idea!! totally agree with Joe  will get very addictive when more people get involved!!	Dont entirely get it yet  but enjoying it so far and think that its dynamics will only become clear when there are more people there using it to the full		
336966	Transparent file sync  backup and sharing solution  Comes with 2Gb free	Seamless  multi platform file syncing / web storage solution   brilliant!	Saved my life when hard disk said goodbye :)	A filesaving system that works flawlessly	Goodbye to the traditional sharing sites!	Great sync  application!	This is my favorite tool for saving data	Awesome product for transferring files between colleagues or friends and so easy to use	Dropbox is absolutely hands down the best service avaliable on the internets today   Much better than VISS & Backup    cheaper than Drobo	Awesome product  Really fast to sync data  Revisions is a nice touch  Undeleting files is also neat  On top of that  their support is top notch	Works well across multiple computers	So incredibly simple to use that Ive started recommending it to my non tech friends as a great way to backup and share files	Simple      Love it     so easy       Overall Decider   LOVE IT!!!!	This seems to be the best of the bunch  but ZumoDrive might be a contender	id be lost w/o dropbox   keeps all my files up to date everywhere	Fantastic little tool	Seamless cross platform  cross browser  multi workstation file sharing	A key part of my cloud based collaboration and file sharing with the heavy lifting done in the OS	Fantastic app  A perfect way to syncronize your items across different computers  And even access them on line everywhere  Love it !! Use it all the time	great for syncing small files between work and home  dont try large files though	works like a dream	Love it   One of my favorite features is being able to drop a DJ mix in my public folder  and stream it anywhere with the public URL	Loving it so far  Working with someone and using Dropbox at the same time feels like working in a single room  Great for collaborative works	I use it to house portable Firefox	have a try for Dropbox instead of Live Sync	really usable  especially in combination with truecrypt!	fantastic sync tool    great for adding torrents at home from the laptop as well as keep files in sync	All my computers are synchronized   I just love this	Using it since July 09 and it works fine	Online backup and file syncing that just works  I use it for everything from backup to password syncing across computers to sharing work files with coworkers	works smoothly in the background    and free version is good enough for me	love the idea  trying it out right now    hope this solves my problem!	hassle free sync	Easy way to share small size files between computers	really useful application  i work for all my projects from any computer	Together with encryption  Dropbox is one of the most useful apps Ive ever seen!	It just works  Seamlessly work on files from home and work or similar  Will soon be copying portable apps there for omnipresent access	Dropbox is so simplistic  Theres no setup required   just set it and forget it  Best of all  its cross platform so I can sync my files between Mac and PC	The greatest thing since sliced bread	Best thing since sliced bread	Thanks for the Linux love	Dropbox is one of my favorite apps betwen work and home I have 4 computers that need syncing dropbox and live a re both great	The simplest  most efficient and seamless storage app around !	Simple & seamless way to keep important files available  Between several desktops at work  a number of computers at home  and now the iPhone  Its a keeper!	Def serves its purpose with regards to storage  Easy to use and manage  Good app overall	Your files always available	Syncing has never been so easy  Cant imagine using my five computers without!	Ultrafast and accurate syncing	Use it every day! Didnt take long for me to upgrade  Connected to 4 computers already!!	Fast  reliable and handy  Sync becomes a breeze with Dropbox	Dropbox is the death of the flash/pen drive! https://www getdropbox com/referrals/NTM4MDg3Mjk	Best file sync app   The technology behind this app takes it to the top	A great  simple tool for data backup and portability	I love using dropbox     it integrates superb with my mac	Saved me a lot of headaches	Nothing to say  Its like the invisible USB drive with undelete and publish features!	greatest way to work on multiple computers and share docs privately wheres the Android client	It really works great and comes out quite handy if you have two or more computers	Always so handy and so easy to use	This is a great tool  And works great on the iphone as well	Excellent is all what I can say about this  :)	Easy to use  just put files in the folder and it syncs it online	Shared folder working well	I love Dropbox    It is everything that I need to share files with clients and myself between machines	Dropbox helps me do homework anywhere without having to worry about transferring files between computers!	we use it at work  great	excellent for my school work  when i forget to print anything i can print it straight at school	I love DropBox extra 250mb if you sign up here free!  https://www dropbox com/referrals/NTEyNDM3ODk	Distributed storage and backup in one folder  Gotta love it	dropbox is the easiest and most reliable storage solution out there in the wilderness	easy tool to share quick your stuff	Its a cheaper alternative to mobile me  which is about 60 pounds a year while dropbox is free	use it quite alot with my graphic designer	it is working  good app	i got to say it is the best apps comparing to Skydrive  Love it!!	fast and easy to upload and share!	An amazing and free way to sync documents between multiple computers  operating systems and even an iPhone   Its unbelievable how handy this service can be	This application is perfect for sharing bulky files!	Seamless integration with Mac OS X makes this the best sync solution out there	Bestest solution ever to synch folders on different machines	its neat  syncs my data between my mac and linux machines	The entire file sharing is easy even newbie also could use it I get extra space every time invite my friends Lack of pain neck features is major note	very easy to use and useful	love it who wanna be friends	fantastic concept  one spot for everything  still apprehensive about privacy/access   wont store critical stuff; but perfect for road warriors	Recommended! Try it: http://bit ly/550s1H	usefulness pushed to the extreme! some  doc/ txt would make it bliss	Great desktop  mobile or web access to your files   This has been a huge winner for me	Everyone who uses a computer should use this! http://bit ly/5jQcfV	great to use at work  very usefull	Love this data backup/transfer service   2 free gigs?!  YES PLZ!	2 free gigs    plus 3 free gigs for referring some of my peeps  Absolutely glorious	I love it  but i would love even more  if Google would buy it  so i could use my 80GB Google Storage	ideal to share docs between multiple pc/macs and users	Amazing tool for syncing Desktop  Laptop and Work PC	amazing! love it  use it all the time  makes my life so much easier!	Great syncing service with 2GB free space which can be freely expanded up to 5GB	Absolutely killer  You cant beat its simplicity  or its most wonderful freeness	Excellent product  If you have some irreplaceable photos and documents  Dropbox will keep them safe   and save all your revisions for 30 days!	excellent! Easy to use  easy to share and great to collaborate!	Brilliant online storage  Easy to use and best of it is free  2GB is more than enough for storing documents online	love this program  once you start using it you will realize how great it is for sharing data with multiple computers	Works awesome  File sharing  storage and versioning all rolled into one application  Even better when used with symbolic links	Used it for over 20 months now  Its by far the easiest way to share files	Great tool which simplifies my life a lot	There are plenty of ways to update files between multiple computers and get online storage  but this one just works and you never have to think about it  Great!	The idea behind Dropbox is actually pretty simple  its basically a personal FTP folder  but I still love the idea behind it and its simplicity	Cool concept but the Finder integration seems clunky	Just perfect for tons of stuff	Id love it if they had selective synchronization	One of the best cloud apps ever	one of my favorite online services period  :)	Great for sharing music with friends around the world	Being able to get my most used files from anywhere via the iPhone or any PC is brilliant  And so simple  A+	Dropbox is a superb application which allows you to sync your files online and across your computers automatically	This is one of the easiest apps I use   Everyone I show it to are impressed and get Dropbox account themselves	Great app!  Huge help for development and for sharing files with clients	Essential   It would be one of the first things Id install on a new computer	=D  I use Dropbox constantly to keep multiple PCs in sync and share files with colleagues  Hoping for a WinMo client some day  though	Simply the best way to save your files in the cloud	saved my butt when i had to do a sudden reinstall of my os :D	best application ever  in history  seriously	Wow  this is incredible simple  and highly integrated to your system (even linux!)	Dropbox is amazingly smooth  I use it over my MobileMe iDisk  ;D	Love the LAN sync and the optimised upload features	Simple  accessible  reliable  using it every day	makes syncing critical files a breeze  could have better ToS/EULA  Will probably be sold off at some point to big players	One of the most helpful tools i use	solving such a common problem in such a easy way!	pretty good and fast    and really handy! googles coming with similar stuff on google docs though!	Yes indeed  I think dropbox is amazing!	Sharing files became easier with Dropbox especially when comes to huge files  Easy to setup  friendly user  awesome upload speed & download speed	Best file sync app by far  Fast  simple  reliable	I love it! I wish for more storage though  but overall this product is great for anyone that wants to have portable storage  anywhere they go	cant live without this app on my iPhone	I love how it integrates with my file system	Its the best application i have used in that category Simply awesome	thanks to dropbox  I no longer have to use those pendrives	very cool to save my info!	While working on a project on several macs  its kind of backup at the same time	Easiest way to share pictures and files between computers  especially if you use both a laptop and a netbook  or if you want to snc documents with a friend	This is rapidly becomming invaluable for projects both personal and professional! Amazing stuff!	Drop Box is really excellent online sharing and collaboration tool   works perfectly with our Apple Macs	Its the best   so easy to use	llong time not used  but easy and reliable	Its great for  sharing files and syncing between computers or iPod	Very useful  even in its free version	Life is easier because I can access same files from my three PCs and share part of them with my co workers	Quite possibly the best online disk service ever  Its so seamless I forget that its in the cloud  A must for iPhone users too!	Fantastic service  Macs at home and PCs at work is no problem anymore  Works in a native way on both systems	One of the first programs I install on a computer  Easiest way to sync files between computers/devices for free	Dropbox is great for any number of file syncing uses! I use it to help collaborate with others on some projects	Great for syncing files  One of the best services ever  DROPBOX FTW!	Very useful and easy to use	Super way to backup and sync across computers   very simple and reasonable prices if you want more than the free 2 Gig	perfect app for sych all the good stuff multi platfromly	One of the best sites for syncing files and backups  When I had to reinstall Windows 7  this is how I backed up all my files  It is a definite must!	Good file hosting service  Sometimes it is slow to upload  but download speed is acceptable always  Hope this service can last forever	dropbox is a true lifesaver	so easy to share files and information   critical to todays business	Great app for a free one  has great cross platform integration but for paid MobileMe by Apple is way better then there paid model	So far so good  Were testing this out with Clutch  I believe you get 2GB free storage space for signing up	tried DB loved it  intergration is perfect  fits right in as extra folder in windows sync to my 2 home pc + work pc shits all over skydrive	Interesting  but not the most intuitive interface  Sharing files often requires a bit of hand holding with new users	Dropbox is one of the most fantastic pieces of online software that i have found   No flash drive? No problem  use Dropbox	Its  bar none  my FAVORITE web based app  So helpful for people who work from multiple machines or want to share files with some control  L O V E  it	online interface is nice	I have to know more about it but is incredible at the momment	Almost makes me want to ditch my USB stick	Mega useful when sharing full res photos and videos with mates and you dont want to use Flickr or Facebook	Worth every penny    Oh wait its free	So useful  and the best part is that its free!	So easy to use  and I love that theres always a copy of the files on my laptop when Im not connected to the Internet	Great  I use it for in house  and travel between my computers!	i love a woman hu has big bums	jus learning how to use it		
336964	Its nearly 4 yrs since I played Travian & I still shudder at the way it controlled my life  I hated it & loved it  it took my life over  thank god I broke free	I hate Travian    6 & 7! My husband has been totally addicted  This game punishes you by dooming you to failure unless you play with an addicts frequency	best browser based game	This will certainly take your life over    More addictive than cocaine  with about as many downsides    It rewards you for forgeting completely bout your life!	this will split me and my husband up  its his life and world i dont seem to be part of it any more i truly despise travian for ruining my life		
339326	Quite better than Vista  Somehow user friendly compared to Vista  The UI also changed more to classy and elegance look  Love the bootscreen & welcome screen	Runs perfect on my Hp Mini 1000   Infact its faster than any linux distro  or other windows OS Ive tried on it   Indeed much more stable than Vista   Perfect	Im seriously impressed  I tried the RC on a whim  and have been very pleased in most every way	Runs smoothly on my 4 year old PC  Looks very nice and has some very smart features	Really like the speed and all the new features  Even the Aero gimmick	Enjoying using it  Less effort than Vista  Few issues with FF but ok now  Loving the Pin to Taskbar  Snip and having 3 world clocks (since Im travelling)	woooo      lebih cool dr vista	The successor to Windows Vista  Expected in 2009  Windows 7 was designed to be more user friendly by focusing on how a user works on the computer	Used the beta for a while  and cant wait for the full release	Very impressive  Great new features  make it a joy to use	Fast  familiar  but prettified	best looking version of windows  nice and clean looking	its the 1st MS OS that I really going to purchase	I must admit that I was a fan of Vista once the kinks had been worked out of it but Windows 7 is a step up  Fast and easy to use with some great little touches	best windows yet  MS gettin a grip of things in the desktop area?! ;D	Excellent OS  Using the RC  but cant wait for the release	Brilliant  Best OS ever  Love the new task bar  It is genius	I wasnt much of a Vista fan   in fact  never upgraded to it  only used it on a friends computer once  BUT  Windows 7   Simply Beautiful! Fast & Smooth!	Much better than Vista  many cool features	windows vista as should always have been  the most elegant imho os from microsoft and also more functional than previous versions	this version is probably better than the competitor (Snow Leopard)	Brilliantly stable  powerful  looks good  fast  Had no problems since I have been BETAing it  Much better than its predecessor (Vista)	The system still owns you not the other way around  Hardcoded DRM  weak security and it disobeys open standards  Not more than a service pack for Vista	Using RC for 2 months  two blue screens and sometimes my taskbar Icons flicker like hell     but I cannot be more happy     faster and nicer! Good bye Vista!	Proprietary  full of bugs  no support  slow  Like all windows systems  Sure its better then vista  Not so hard  Get your freedom  get Linux	The best thing to come from Microsoft yet  its fast  stable and aesthetically pleasing	Its almost exactly like Vista  The only difference I see is that people say good things about it	Its almost exactly like Vista  except it runs better than XP and works right without many annoyances	Windows 7 = Like Vista  but better  Love the new taskbar!	I installed a trial version and will  purchase a copy	Just get a Mac  Or download Ubuntu (:	Much better performance than Vista and the same  if not better  stability than XP  I have yet to encounter a problem  Driver installation/support is AWESOME	Windows 7 an improvement on Vista which caused me no end of pain since its release  The hibernation works properly too  Still prefer OSX for my primary machine	I have 7 Vista XP and Leopard running on my machines  Whilst 7 is better than Vista to say it is better than XP on stability is odd  still big driver glitches	Best Windows version ever  In fact  it is the best operative system ever created  Light and snappy  great work Microsoft! :D	The most archaic turd of an OS I have ever had the displeasure of being forced to use  Its almost 2010 but Win7 feels like 1998	The best OS Ive used so far!	Its vista in disguise it seems snappier only to see that your computer is still loading at start up also still not as secure or stable as linux	People who dont like it    just havent given it a chance	fast and better than vista	Simple and blindingly fast that takes full advantage of the hardware I give it  Exactly what an OS should be	A significant improvement over Vista  Still my OS of choice until Ubuntu becomes a more viable alternative	Window Snapping is awesome!	I love the refinements in the user interface in Windows 7  Pinning icons for your most used programs to the taskbar adds sophistication  Sexy  fast and simple!	Best OS from Microsoft so far	Mac software still looks nicer	It has some problems  but its probably the best product that Microsoft has ever made	I love this OS! Ive never had a problem with it and Ive been using it for 8 mths!	excellent OS   just works  no nonsense	versi windows terbaik	Significant improvements over XP and Vista  Could be faster to boot  The inability to pin Mini Media Player to taskbar is a fail point		
336721	works  and its has a free version that does the job  i use it on personal PCs and laptops at home	Its Fine  prevented an iframe attack	The best anti virus software Ive used  Its fast  streamlined  and finds a lot of viruses other products dont  And its free for home use!	just simply works	Ran Avast free version for years  on multiply Windows versions & PCs  Trojan worms weaved thru  Reinstalled AVG free and I have had no further trouble  kikki	Definitely our favourite free Anti Virus software		
336731	Ties together all your social networking needs into one  Firefox based browser  Still has teething problems but once you use it you wont want anything else	Love it for its social features  but still cant give up its older brother	I dont think theres anything here that couldnt be a Firefox add on  I really dont like the way it looks  but I guess it has some promise	I dont really use its unique features but might do once it swaps to Google Chrome from Firefox	A great social build of Firefox	this is my browser of choice atm   love it	its brilliant but too slow to launch	I use Flock from time to time  but find it a bit too feature rich to be my default browser	Quite Kool :)	I used to use this a lot but Firefox just hits all the right buttons for me	Im a long time Flock user  and what can I say? Awesome browser with awesome features  Its Firefox packed up with sociality	There are so many  features on Flock it takes a while to use them correctly  but once learned I dont know how I got by without Flock	I love it  but they are making a way around of firefox	was helpful at one time  crashed multiple times and slowed down my laptop	This is a good browser when I want to have a social interactive session but most of the time Firefox with some plugins suits my needs	Hangs up too much  Has good social networking capabilities but is bulky	Still givin it a test drive	great firefox alternative for active social site users    runs firefox plugins	Ill have to get used to it  Because the features are great  But isnt it too much ?	Nice features  but a bit bulky as far as the interface   and the mozilla underpinnings just dont seem the same as FF to me  Its much slower than FF	Flock 3 5: Fugly interface  huge tabs  bad UX when searching for add ons on their site  and doesnt put the default browser back the way it found it	If you are at all involved with social networking  especially facebook & twitter  you must check out this browser  Its a quick setup as a spinoff of Firefox!	flock is a social version of firefox! it is the ideal browser if you are into social networking!	flock really improved over the last years  meanwhile its really fun to use! but there are still some issues to be worked out	The same features that I loved in Firefox with the integration of my goto social media platforms   It has also taken the place of my feed management tool	Luv this browser!!  It has its own news reader and cant beat for social intergration	Tooth meltingly fast  great for social networking and keeping up to date with feeds and news  Flock has now replaced Firefox as my favourite browser	Tried it before a year and liked it that time	Mozilla based  fast  functional with the best built in RSS reader Ive seen so far  Very well integrated social networking and media browsing	is currently using this browser	good browser but still underground	Its the browser I use for everyday use  Its about the best for keeping track of all your social networking crap	The best browser for networking with superb features	The best and only browser that integrates social media as well as apps into one easy to use browser	Though just a mod of Firefox  I dont like it    just get firefox and stuff	Good browser   Its not Chrome   ok   but   good!	Blipping from Flock  Seems cool! Staying in touch on Facebook  Twitter  etc  and see whats going on: really cool! But I think its gonna be boring at the end	Tons of Web 2 0 features  but its a bit bulky	A web browser that aggregates all your various social networking identities into one place for easy reference  Web 2 0 to the max	i love the media bar and the email notification	Like the My World tab  but could be faster as a browser	Nice but slow   Also I wish it ran on webkit instead of gecko	Nice idea and pretty well executed  But I personally do not like the feel of it  its also kind of cluttered	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Its rather slow  and the interface is ugly and cluttered	Its ok genius idea execution not to great  The platform is unstable slow and is(in stock form) bloated		
337941	The best open source software for web application development  Love the ease of use of AIR  HTML  CSS  and JS libraries	the best web development IDE  Im using it for django development with the PyDev plugin	Great set of features for free	Niiice  I love its integration with the AIR SDK		
337024	Very nice software for playing  a lot of things including HD video	If you want to replace your TV for the Computer and prefer downloading the shows instead of streaming  you should try this software	I love watching TED with this	Not robust  Takes long time to start  Bad search functionality (dailymotion)  Ive uninstalled it	version 2 0 is way faster and more solid than ever and the interface is awesome!	Amazing software for watching HD video shows and even subscribing to YouTube channels in HD  Version 2 0 is fast	very interesting application  just tried it  and like it allready	Its my media center of choice now  just wish it didnt crash so much !	Awesome program for video podcasts	Nice media app	I would use it  but I download and use Hulu		
337023	The best multi protocol IM I have used	Great featureset  but feels relatively unpolished and eats up a ton of RAM  I still use it for the time being  but Im shopping for a replacement	Ive never had a good experience with pidgin  or its predecessor GAIM  Memory hog and GTK base makes it somewhat unstable on windows  Digsby is a better bet	Great chat software    Always use it on Ubuntu	Good  clean interface  now mostly free of bugs   I have used it for years	Probably the best multi protocol IM client Ive used  Clean  easy to use  and a low memory footprint	A bit more rough around the edges than I like  Functional  but thats about it	neat   clean   free   small   portable also available   easy   also notifies about mail	A very functional multiple instant messenger account chat client worth having!	The best  And its open source	Digsbys the better bet  More usable  less resources eaten up	Lovely on ubuntu desktop	In my opinion the best application for getting around various IM networks ever  Light  simple  supports almost every protocol  9/10	I like it on my Linux machines	Its a very handy app  I added on the Facebook  Skype  and Twitter plugins to make it support ALL my protocols	Brilliant multi protocol IM software  It just works!	A definite upgrade over most instant messaging programs Ive tried		
452859	The most popular retweet counter being used on popular blogs  Also the most accurate	Yery useful and smart  I love it!	whats with this? about RTs??    :D	I use it daily :)		
337264	I love the custom map feature and street view	http://www LocationMap org   let you shorten long map URL into easy to remember  paste and share	Great service by a great company  No idea how they get such amazing satellite images  Its a big component of http://iMapWeather com	Way better than Map Quest!	I actually dont know how I got along without it  personally or professionally	It became part of my life since the very first day it was available in Argentina! Microsoft Maps displace my home 1 kilometre in the middle of nowhere  hahaha	Extremely handy when trying to find your way in a foreign city	its cool and  helpful  free software	I just love google maps	I use Google Maps as my primary GPS  Street View  in particular  is indispensible for providing a preview of an unfamiliar destination	So easy to use and fun to browse around on  The iPod/iPhone version is also great	extremely disappointed since they changed map provider a few months ago  used to use G Maps to verify GPS   Now results cant be trusted	Its basically the same as Google Earth	While other map sites just sat there  Google took maps to the next level  Ill never forget the first time I saw Street View  Still amazing!	Howd we get anywhere before Google Maps?	Where is Canada?Where is Churchill Manitoba?Where have all the Polar Bears gone?	Its good  but it the directions can be dodgy at times	One of the best map services online	lifesaver   has all the flexibility of a simple google app	Using it everyday at Work  Its essential by today	What can I say? Its Google! = I love it!	Who could not love Google Maps?  I only wish that the maps were not copyright as I would use them even more	Iphone version beats any gps	Brilliant interface and theres a million different ways to use it!	meybe the best app for last 5 years   very used	Yeah  yknow  can be good  can be bad  Useful on the iPhone when the GPS is working properly	The best thing since GPS!	Changed the way we think about maps forever  Terrible with tiny by lanes in London  tho   those always get missed out on Google Maps but can be seen on Mapquest	Cool app  Use it all the time	A pretty cool service  Good use of AJAX    IF I COULD USE IT  Google Maps refuses to work on Firefox 3 0 13 for Ubuntu and Google Earth wont work either	This is the application that will change my world	how does it work ??? everytime i click register nothin happens??? can some1 help me? what am i doin wrong????	Best way to get directions and there are tons of mashups that make it even more useful	love google maps	compared bing maps and yahoo maps to google  Both were outdated  bing being the most outdated  so yea  gmaps FTW!	La mejor manera para encontrar direcciones	getting better all the time	Helped me out many(!) times  :D	Most useful app on my iPhone  Great for finding places on the go  Essential on desktop too	Absolutely essential for getting somewhere I havent been before  or seeing what the traffic is like   Walking & public transit functions are very useful as wel	Only maps program Ill use	User friendly  reliable  accurate   When in doubt  Google it!	very hard to access  and unfortunately it doesnt display highway exit names   but otherwise a good map service	gotta have it  use nothing else; best out there  period	Awesome app for getting directions  Totally	Best map service out there  how ever  worst map service for directions   Many directions given backtrack and burns more Miles   Other then that  its good	another fantastic Tool from my beloved Google  Tkank You :D	An extensive provision of maps and routes  The various viewing formats make for practical and easy use	Gone are the days of mapquest  now I get a satellite overlay  and a 360 degree live portrait of where Im going  How did premillenial man navigate?	My number one place to go when in need of directions	learning more about how to use this app  but liking it already!	The best mapping service online  Bing does have some good ideas    but Google is the best!	Best mapping service	dont use anything else   the street view feature is great too	My first choice for online mapping  I like the community tagging features and local info	Life important thing! :)	Used daily  amazing app  great for route plotting! Just another amazing thing from Google!	Incredibly useful! Dont know how we did without it	Hands down  Google Maps beat MapQuest at its own game  Fast  smart  powerful  and backed by Google  What else could you ask for?	Until I get my own helicopter  Google Maps satellite view will do nicely	Best online map ever  even better on my android	Once again  Google rules the place	One of the greatest tool available and that too for free!	its google maps   fast  does the job  esp nice on iphone	Long replaced mapquest as the default place to look up directions	I couldnt live without Google Maps	Its good  but Google needs to do some serious innovation to keep up with Bing maps	free  many features  Go on like this!	Some features dont appear to be available sometimes  even if I am signed in to my google account	best for directions   and most update and accurate! so much better than mapquest!	good for navigation  searching places	It help me a lot to find a place  a direction and many others	My go to source for transit directions in NYC and ATL	Great! Have a soft spot of this googlemaps    Many features are updates and useful for searching		
337021	Haha  its not monkey at all but its  very helpful buddie with javascript thinggy Im using it for download Apple movie trailers easy as pie	helps make the machine work better	Good  just wished scripts worked properly (or at all in the alpha/2 0 version) in Google Chrome	Essential if you use Firefox	It would be good if the scripts were written with style in mind  Most of them add useful functionality  but they break layouts and make sites look ugly	I love GreaseMonkey! Very useful!	Exceedingly useful and fast to install the scripts  The database at Userscripts org isnt very user friendly though	what i do with it? rapidhshare links checker twitter search results on google digg rating extender(5 3=2 digg cool) google reader digg news	YAY!!! USERSCRIPTS GALORE!	If you have Firefox  you have to get Grease Monkey	A must for firefox  when apps dont do it  a little code makes the experience on sites   so much smoother	Grease Monkey makes everything better	I especially love the Greased Lightbox script		
337260	Great Twitter client with robust scheduling interface  Cant wait to see the RSS Feed manager  In Alpha but solid	The people at Twaitter are amazing!  They have done a wonderful job creating tools for meeting the needs of businesses on Twitter   WAY TO GO TWAITTER!	Although Twitter itself asks me What are you doing right now?  Ive found Twaitter useful within the Transportation Industry   which I am involved deeply	In the midst of Twitters huge popularity  Twaitter has a lot to offer Twitter account holders   The ability to schedule tweets is great!	This site is AWESOME!! I love all the additional features it allows such as the ability to schedule tweets & ease of the calendar feature  LOVE the name  too!!!	This site rocks  has awesome functionality and promise to be a great tool!!!	=D I love this site  what value it has!  They could easily be charging a monthly fee for what they offer!	First time I used it I loved it and thought it is even easy for a new twit like me!!	Love  love  love the reoccuring schedule function  Thanks for having a great platform to use with Twitter	Only hearing good stuff   time to dive in tweet first	Not used it yet  but looks like an excellent concept  Very promising	The concept sounds intriguing but the site doent seem to be working right now	Whats thissss? lol		
601013	Its the one stop shop for all your online video related requirements  Watch  share and collect videos	Great online video browser with social aspect  Videos from various sources  gives good recommendations and an addictive user interface  Share videos on Facebook	Love the cool UI and the video wall  love the fact that i can now discover videos that my friends are watching  i can also post videos on FB from Shufflr	A new way to discover and share videos!	All the videos I love but cant get on TV in one place  Really cool app to discover more videos I didnt know existed!!	The coolest app i have ever discovered to watch videos		
428084	cool stuff on air out there!	Some AIR applications doesnt work on Windows	as early adopter developer  I think theres some aspects to AIR that arent out of beta  and were the guinnee pigs  Still  love the idea	It takes too much memory regardless how small the app is	Nice site   provides many things !!	Adobe has created a fantastic OS like app environment that works well and is smoothly cross platform		
336839	Excellent service to catalogue & categorise your book collection	The single best book categorization  review  and community site   Its lean  its intuitive and fun	Im undecided on the best social media site for us book fans but this is certainly in the top 3	Extensive and comprehensive  My favorite online library site  Definitely the best web library for all info regarding the book world	this is only way to keep track of my books lol	It seems quite good but you are limited to 200 books with the free account  My bookshelf gives you an unlimited amount of space for free	Spruced but clunky  I like and use it though	doesnt have a 2 0 gloss but is defo the most extensive  accurate and bibliophile orientated  Every other book site is for people who buy their books at airport	I use it daily :)		
336838	A one stop shop for movie & TV information  The best of its kind	Essential for me  I use it almost every day	The best website to check if you need information about a movie or TV show (or want to know what other fans are saying/theorizing about them)	Movie nerd that I am  I love it  It could use a UI update  but the content is fantastic	need say something abt IMDb?! Movie buffs Mecca!	love  love  love	Use this site constantly for reference   My dream is to be on it someday :D	Such a valuable resource for when you cant think of who was in a certain movie (or when your friend is raving about an actor and youre clueless)	Great website for finding anything movie related	use IMDB ALL the time	a great resource for the movies and their makers	Lots of information here  perhaps could do with a lick of paint here and there  : )	What the Internet was for! (Shame it isnt connected)	The resource for anything movie orientated  Every movie ever made listed    Just awesome	Use it almost everyday    I dont think I can do with out    great way to find films	Decent website  but their interface really needs a makeover	great way to find out info about movies	Used to use it all the time   Not sure that its really keeping up with the trend toward social	I have nothing bad to say about  this automatically means that its awesome	A great source of information about a lot of movies  However  it tends to be slow  and the recommendations could use more work  Could use a better interface	Such great info  Def visited often	my go to source for all things movie/actor related	Google might be king of search  but whenever I need movie info  this is the place to go	This site is my first port of call for film information  and one of the only other search engines I use	But the mobile version is rubbish (on my phone at least) and the full version is cumbersome  Web 2 0 imdb anyone?	Essential information for cinephile at all levels of commitment to film from amateur to professional	I often refer to IMDB for info on movies  actors  and upcoming films!	Good for reference  even if the site needs a little updating	Fantastic when talking to friends and suddenly wanting to know who played what  Also great for seeing when the movies comes/came out	Handy  but far too many annoying pop unders on the free version now  8 (	An informative resource covering everything on film	Good to find out about movies you like  but not a very user friendly interface  Id like it more if the layout was more shiney	invaluable wealth of information in major need of a design facelift	Contains everything a movie buff needs  The site could do with a major overhaul looks wise but the information is all there: acting careers  rumours & quotes	exactly what it says  Internet Movie Database	Truly the authority on film   I found a couple high school classmates from 30 years ago who are bit players	The best internet movie database xD	I use this ALL the time! The #1 place to find anything you want to know about every movie ever	Ever wanted to know EVERYTHING about a movie  now you do even before it comes out	It is still a good resource but the interface seems to get worse with time	Who was in that movie?  Oh right  IMDB will know	Surely the best and for a long time!	helps me to get any Movie information all the times	best source for movies online	pay 2 resume bummer finding out after filling out 4 hours	real info website for movies	Good site to get info of movies	Tutte le informazioni sul cinema / Everything about movies is here!	The definitive movie database  Design looks a bit dated though  and not very interactive	Extremely useful  I always find myself checking up on actors and films  Great resource	I go straight to IMDb website when Im looking for info on a movie	Im a huge fan of this site	Best site for movies	Good for finding a new movies   the rating not right all the time	I love movies  but IMDb is WAYY overated   Comeon! Do we really care THAT MUCH about weird unknown actresses and movies?	Best place to get information on movies  TV shows  actors  etc	A way to list what I have and what I want also be able to see what is about to come out not to mention hard to know about films love it must have for movie love	Basic lay out  old looking and not always user friendly  Altough it provides the user with a alot of reviews and information about films	one of my favorite sites of all times!!!	So useful  but definitely could have a better layout	Kinda boring   I like the trivia a lot however	I check it every time I have a movie question  Very informative	The ultimate resource site   take note	A comprehensive guide to everything relating to film and television  Useful for searching actors filmographies  as well as general trivia	the whole imdb PRO thing kinda annoys me   Love the info though	A great website for looking up anything dealing with movies or tv shows	I like the vast database and the trailers for almost every movie as well as the RSS feeds for the personal My Movies listing	Its okay for quick and simple information about films	My go to site for movies and TV! Second only to wikipedia!		
336717	its great for time wasting	Discovery made simple  O the things Ive stumbled upon since!	Very useful if youve got some time to kill & want to visit random websites  click  click away to your hearts content  Causes insomnia  Just one more stumble!	Whoops  got a few NSFW pages while killing time between coding stints	Fancy way to discover interesting sites  Con: You have to install the toolbar	I used to use this all the time but its one of the services Ive discarded like Delicious  still very good though	Fun for those times you have time  Takes you to some rarely seen sites that should be seen more often  Also helps organize your personal favorites	good for finding sites bad for  finding earlier saved sites    i use SU for Finding useful site then  save it in Diigo com for later  finding :)) :))	A few of the sites I find through it are interesting  but most are annoying flash sites  Toolbar messes up my Firefox interface	its a gr8 site to make lot of friends and also 4 those who r in need of a good friend	Great! I use it to mark interesting internet sites	A great way to discover new websites and content   Really fun community	Been using this for nearly two years? Perfect for searching for specific things without caring which site you end up at   and then keeping them!	I was on this site a lot before  but I dont remember why I stopped  (Changed computers  maybe?) It was fun to use and interesting  Try it yourself!	Ive used StumbleUpon for a long  long time!  Perfect time killer or great for people who get bored easily!	Sometimes it is good to stumble without scraping your knee	Pretty cool way to discover new sites	Excellent service for both discovering new sites and bookmarking the ones you like!	99% of the time  i use SU on the web	Great time waster  Good way to discover different parts of the web	No support for Safari? Have to install Toolbar? Hello  StumbleUpon  the 1900s called  they want their user paradigm back!	Nice battle between StumbleUpon  Digg  Reddit  Delicious  Blippr	An interesting way to find new websites  sites are found that may be low down in Googles ranks which you may not find otherwise	StumbleUpon is highly under rated social bookmarking and website discovery service   I use it religiously	Best way to find and discover new websites  Of any given kind  because you can  pretty much  modify it for your own liking	Stumble has found me many  many amazing blogs and websites at the click of a button	fun till the dawn	Not that great so far  Its taken me to only one good site	Helps you find great sites based on interests you select!	The best time waster ever created	I found blippr through StumbleUpon! Not recommended for the procrastinator!	I love stumbleupon! Its the ultimate boredom cure for a rainy day   when youve read every book in the house  (:	Iiiiii want to Stumble Upon all night & party everyday!!!	Interesting concept  useful when you are bored and you dont know what to do on the net	time is too precious to waste	good way to kill time  and very useful in finding random things	Ill never understand the interface of this thing when it comes to submitting sites	its a great way to rediscover the invisible web	Great service to discover new websites  One big downside: You can not share your favorites easily	When you are bored or want to discover new sites  this is how to do it   I have discovered so many sites that I use regularly from SU	It finds me the things as I use it much better than predefined choices i feel the more i use it the more I like it sadly i dont use it enough	Favourite way to discover interesting new sites and while away hours on idle browsing	one of my favorite social bookmarking site   very useful for SEO	Awesome for finding stuff   Howd you find that game? Oh  I just happened to Stumbleupon it!	meybe the second used social bookmarking after digg	I allways turn to StumbleUpon when I am  looking for something new  and it never fails to deliver	Great way to find content	I have been using it for less than an hour and I already love it  Its absolutely great; almost everything it has given me so far I like	I have found some of the best and some of my most used sites with stumbleupon   What did I ever do without it??	SU is not what it used to be  I used to love its independent spirit  but unfortunately that has been crushed by the new ownership  Dont expect too much	I love StumbleUpon  Sometimes I feel like I have seen all of the Internet and this little add on solves all my browsing woes  Ive found some awesome stuff	Youll find many great sites	Id never find a quarter of what they show me   Lots of fun!	Best social bookmark  Just thumb up a site that you like right away on firefox! here  i found a lot of great website based on my interest!	Makes surfing the web fun again	I use it daily :)	Its fun to use when youre bored and just want to go to a random website	SU is unique among bookmarking and related sites  I like using it  The social elements of it are lacking (or just not really happening)  though	Can be be good but I hate when i submit something and find that I am not logged in then I hit back and I am logged out again does not work without the toolbar	Keeps finding the same sites	Great idea now if only digg and stumble upon could merge	gak tau juga  kenapa tidak begitu suka	nice picture yo haha		
392841	Such a simple interface! Its intuitive in the right way and if you explore it has many of the key functions we all want  Try it!	Absolutely my favourite tool for managing my photos	Yes  as all Google applications  these one is also the best in a row	Great interface  non destructive editing and web sync	Best photo manager  Easy uploads too	As a manager and uploader its really good   but for the web albums but I think Flickr is better  Unfortunately you need a yahoo ID to use Flickr	Googles photo managing software is well designed and easy to use although it could use some further integration with other social media websites	good but it should take care of the space it consumes on hard disk	Easy editing and uploading  All the edits are forgiven and automatically updated on your web album	Flickr is a lot better	Pretty nice application	But alas flickrs better	Picasa is a great application for managing your pictures	Picasa does photo management right   Facial recognition  upload to the web  Facebook integration  a nice slideshow and standlone viewe  crossplatform!	love it! great application! Its so sick one click to syncing to web album  no more dumb iphoto and stingy flicker	Such a great photo application  I have all my photos syncd to the cloud now! And I can share them too!	very useful photo application   and very user friendly and ergonomically sane	My pictures look much better after using Picasa	Cool picture editor  viewer   compressor	Its an awesome way to organize photos  The photo editing capabilities are very easy to use	great organizer  and its the best online photo editor  it beats loading photoshop	Excellent  easy to import&organize  online albums work great  Love the face tagging	still the best desktop/online combo    too bad it is googles ; )	nice photo organizer	Very useful  however it freezes A LOT		
338220	Great application! I use this with Google Chromes built in app creator  and its perfect! Low system resource use  and updates automagically! :D	Best Twitter web app Ive seen so far  Remembers what youve read (to a point) and saves searches  Has all standard features  Autoupdate breaks now and then	I didnt like it to much when I tried it  I might try it again	Neat way to use Twitter on the web  No need to refresh page!	no more twitter web @loray14 get up on this since ur tweetdeck wont work	speedy gonzales! and on the web i couldnt see my pic and i can now *thinks* i might wanna change that lol great play though!	very cool way to use twitter    like how they save your searches almost as channels and keep track of updates    very nice	How I use Twitter on the web when I dont have access to my TweetDeck  An interface just like Twitter  but it automatically refreshes	Quick  live stream  in the cloud  with retweet function and add channel feature : really useful  I will appreciate to see conversation between users	i finally login in sth	Good wicket  Whirlwind victory!		
336959	Ambivalent  Seems to have more customization options than either Vox or Multiply	Ive been on a lot of blogging platforms for the long term  and tried even more  Xanga is different because it rocks the community aspect more than the others	Tumblr  Twitter and WordPress collectively eliminate the need for Xanga  Not sure why its used at all	you can actually make friends there easier than any other blogging site		
337805	Coda is one of the best web development apps available for Mac users and comes highly recommended from thousands of developers http://www panic com/coda/	I have recently started using Coda  and so far its excellent!	Its an FTP client  HTML/PHP/CSS editor  and design resource all in one package  If youre on OS X  its a MUST	Coda is extremely clean and easy to use	Simple  one window  with polish  Keeps everything together	Absolutely simple  tidy  and good		
336714	Everything I want from a torrent client  and nothing I dont  Not much to say beyond that!	The only torrent client worth downloading  Add to it the remote web interface and the ability to add an iphone GUI: grab that torrent from where ever you are	Clean  simple and easy to use   It made torrenting something even I could do	Favorite torrenting application  supported by a wide variety of trackers  very fast and efficient    Invaluable for file sharing!	The best BitTorrent client Ive found  Clean UI  easy to use  very configurable  and tiny to boot	Your opinion of this app in 160 characters or less	In my opinion this is easily the best BitTorrent client currently available  Simple and clean  just the way I want my torrenting to be  Highly recommended	The best Torrent client I have ever used	Lightweight  webadmin & does the job    Perfect	it works well enough for when I need a torrent proggie which is not everyday	The best torrent program Ive used	A great BitTorrent client that has every feature you could ask for	The most intuitive and easy to use BitTorrent client out there	Its a reliable  compact client that I can count on for my torrent needs  I did not notice any excessive memory usage as I did with many other applications	Cool app that helps me to watch TV shows over and over again	Best torrent application Ive used on Windows  Very lightweight  but also extremely customizable	best app for torrents  nt	Ive used several torrent clients  but this is my favorite by far	Great torrent app   small  simple  effective  and quick	BEST BitTorrent Client  its sad it does not hav a Linux version    but i m trying to run it thru Wine :)	Worked well  until my network caught me for illegal downloading   Ah well	Yes! Leaching~ Yes!	gets the job done for all us pirates out there  :)	Love it ! Fast and light  what do you need more ?	Really the best torrent client for windows as I remember it :D	Its good but Im getting a Mac soon	Pretty much the best thing on my computer	I have loved this application from the beginning  They have always kept it small and quick  Couldnt ask for more in a torrent application!	Low on system resources and easy to use :)	Great       Thats all I can say      Great!!!	King of the torrent apps  Doesnt hog system resources and plods along silently in the background	A quick  easy to use BitTorrent client with small file size and unique WebUI feature for remote access anywhere	My 2nd choice  :) However  great help when comes to maintain ratios when download through private tracker	For the PC  there is nothing better   Im still waiting for the OSX client to rise to the same level	For how lightweight it is  it runs much better than any other torrent client Ive tried   Runs in the background without affecting performance at all	neat and clean and simple also small and free	Light  fast and simple torrent program   but with plenty of features for advanced users  This includes a webui and scheduler	simple  fast  clean what else do you need?	just what you need about torrent	Simplicity  speed  cant ask for more	Really nice torrent client	utorrent is a great piece of software for downloading torrents	Love the simplicity of it   And it doesnt crash all the time like many of the other torrent programs	Incredibly lightweight  and does the job perfectly  Considering how little RAM I have  I love it	Small and efficient  what more do you want?	No nonsense app  No bloated features  just what you need	I like using utorrent for windows! YET Im loving transmission for ubuntu!	Does what it needs to do  Its light  simple  and it works	Great for people who torrent  Im not one of them	the most tiny and functional torrent client   does most and takes a minimum of space	The easiest to use torrent client Ive used to date	It does its job Quickly and simple	Any other more light and powerful app in the torrentsphear?	The only torrent client i use  very easy to use and fast  what do i need more?	Best App For Torrent Dloading	best torrent app	lightweight  fast  feature packed  the best torrent app there is	hi i am ankit i like to say that just  thish softwaer is still goodddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd	Vuze has some extra features that I like    but this gets to better speed quicker	Brutally good app for Torrents  Never had any problems with it  works fine  doesnt hog my resources  9/10	They say its available for Linux when (last I checked) its still in development  And I dont like running things on Wine  I like Deluge better	Pure win32  so unportable	Definitely my favorite torrent program  Lightweight and stable!	One of the best program to use it when finding  new anime on http://www nihonomaru com/	Light and clean  :)	My favorite bit torrent client   Lightweight and simple	The perfect torrent client  All the bells and whistles you need  none of the ones you dont  Lightweight and stable	tiny size  portable app  so simple	If you use torrents  and havent tried uTorrent  you are missing out   By far the best client out there!	A friend recommended me to use it  This was years ago  Since then i recommended it to my friends  Truth is none of them uninstalled it like me	Hard to fault it as a client this is near perfect extremely small foot print only wish other coders would learn from this	better than my other torrent clients	Its really lightweight as it claims	It is very light and very efficient  Do not hog CPU resources	Lives up to the hype  Lightweight client with all the features we need  and none of the features we dont need  Runs perfectly in Wine on Ubuntu	Nice and light  integrated support for RSS   Weak regex syntax   No extensibility   Mine completely stopped working  so I migrated to Vuze and am much happier	Works like a charm	always been my default for torrent! keeps crashing on Win 7 x64 for some reason	The only torrent client anyone should use on windows  I used to even use on linux through wine  its that good	I cant imagine owning a computer without running uTorrent on it	Lighweight AND feature rich? How often does that happen	The best torrent app out there!	life saver   on more than one occasions	Cant image my computer work without this program  And never will change it for analog  because it is the best one for manage torrents	I use it daily :)	Its the best torrent download tool I ever seen   fast download  very reliable  quick and the important thing is it take very less machine resource	i love you torrent b`coz with the help of this we can download  videos movies and many more	Lightweight with remote web interface  Best Windows torrent client!	The best torrent app	damn tiny! :)	nice & sleek  also on the mac	I love it on PC  but dislike it on Mac  I hope they can improve the Mac version	Ridiculously lightweight and simple to get going  Also sports the fastest negotiation and download speeds Ive ever achieved with BitTorrent  The best	Actually Im indifferent  Prolly best & my #1 choice of clients  Im still surprised people still use the P2P network  Newsgroups R really the way to go	Lightweight but powerful  If youre torrenting anything  use this	Tried them all  but this Torrent client kills it	Easiest to use  runs smoothly  meets my needs  best out there	Very small footprint  a thousand times better than any of the other torrent programs  Would not use anything else  I swear by uTorrent!	i like the new streaming function	Lightweight  Easy to use  Feature filled	Extremely light  does not interfere with any process at all	On Windows  my default torrent client	My first choose for torrent file	simple  lightweight  yet everything you need is there	Good torrent client for Windows	fast and light :)	No bloatware  does what its supposed to :)	Best lightweight and highly configrable	easy  light  works well  all i need	Lightweight and easy to use use torrent app	Favourite torrent app for Windows	for mac   yeah   absolutely amazing	awesome application  lightweight and feature rich	resource lite is the key	Simple to use  easy to navigate  with little to no maintenance	Simple  lite and fast	simple  low overhead  and still packed with every feature Ill ever need	Lightweight and packed with features  Traffic scheduling and RSS downloader makes it excellent	Lovely  easy to use  Great program	Simple  fast  light		
336713	Billed as a competitor to iTunes  but I dont find anything I want in Songbird that isnt already in iTunes  Its just an uglier  non native version	Dear merciful crap  why does an MP3 player need 120MB of RAM to not do anything particularly useful? Pretty  but give me light and fast over shiny and heavy!	Looks a good alternative to WMP and iTunes	Great app  just wish I could properly use my iphone with it	Plugins   build on firefox   and multi platform  I chose it	Everything about Songbird is perfect   I feel sorry for iTunes and its lack of customization	The swiss army knife of media players	Once it grows up a little more  it will kick the crap outta iTunes	Its great   when it works  A little too prone to crash/hog resources	a great multi platform media player	The perfect music player  with so many nice plugins	It is just so great   Convenient  well designed  great functionality  customizable  etc	Been using it since alpha stage amazing its really developed with plug ins and added functionality	love it with all its bugs  (kill iTunes)	Doesnt read M4A well yet  but when it does    Amazing	I like how it shows information in the bottom frame about the song youre listening to  The embedded browser might have been overkill but otherwise very nice	best music player for windows	Best music player  period  Just keeps getting better and further distancing itself from WMP  iTunes and any other player out there	+ easy to use + nice looking interface + customizable   slow	I love open source software  and Songbird is the best open source media player!	Best media player for Windows  but its rather crashy	Best MuSic Player browser with great add on		
336952	Sites seems look pretty on Safari	I like the new Safari 4 (beta)	I do 99% of my web browsing on my mac w/ Safari  Not as good on the PC	I give you one crash before I totally hate you  Even when FireFox crashes  it saves ALL my work and tabs  Safari has failed me for the last time  *force grip*	Works great  I find it easy to navigate and customize  I need a bigger bookmarks bar though	nice web browser :)	I like it  but wish it would never crash again!  I have started Safari 4   Well see	Great webbrowser  certainly the last version works really fast  Too bad theres no room for plugins like in Firefox	Using safari on a Mac is browsing perfection	Faster  than any other browser on mac  Lets see what Chrome can do when it reaches Mac platform	Its fast  but I dont like the interface one bit  If there was an option to open all pop ups in new tabs  like in Firefox     well  itd be a start	Es mi gran herramienta  La que me lleva al infinito y mas alla	I really like using Safari on my Mac but not on Windows platforms  Also I found S4 much more memory expensive that S3 but maybe is just my impression	The browser of choice on my Mac  Despite everything  no other browser can match safari when Im on my home turf	An awesome browser supports Mac	I like it  4 is bad on windows  Dont get me wrong  I love apple  but their windows capability with Safari 4 is not that good  Im sure its way better on Mac	Definitely my favourite browser     on Mac and PC  With this and Firefox I dont understand why anyone uses Explorer	best browser outthere	As much as I love Firefox  Safari 4 is amazing  Top Sites is a great feature  S4 is simple  powerful and integrates so well with the OS	i wish they would adopt some of chromes design (button positioning a lot better with chrome)	Safari is the quickest browser on my system  and that makes it my default for everything	on Windows: beautiful  but unbearably stupid  at least compared to Chrome  also  its a memory pig  and it crashed a few times while I was testing it	Fine on Mac but on Windows its a poor choice  Eats up your memory and tends to crash more than say Firefox or Chrome  Also feels slower	An efficient browser  simple interface with subtle features	Good browser  but I need my firefox extensions	Pure Mac simplicity  A bit crap on Windows  but on OS X theres nothing better	Clean and elegant  my browser of choice	pretty  but not feeling cool	Big fan of Safari on Mac  PC     not so much  but its simple and works faster than any browser Ive used	Best browser ever for the Mac platform  Lightweight  with a great RSS reader and the Cover Flow feature on version 4 rocks!	best looking browser everytime  but still instable	I wish they didnt do the native look for Windows  I used to use Safari specifically to escape Windows  and now it just looks like a native application  Shame	I love Safari both on the Mac and the PC  Only thing I wish it had was the ability to save multiple tabs as home pages like you can on Firefox	Best web browser but one of features I really need in Safari is a signal to let me know that that web page is already bookmarked  Really need this	One of the less good browsers on Windows  No reason to use it over Chrome or even Firefox	Why web inspector was by default removed when beta ended?	I like its UI  but still firefox rocks	Its definitely an excellent browser but I still prefer to use Firefox  Its just what Im used to now	Apple safari is superb browser	Its user interface is awesome  but so is the browser itself  It renders pages accurately  and fast  Trumps Firefox in my opinion	Comparable to Firefox  works better on Macs than FF	Fastest browser on both Windows & Mac  I love the font smoothing and web inspector tools !	W/E Apple  Firefox and Chrome pwn you	Not too many features  and horrible look with Windows	The fastest browser on Mac  Everything is perfect in it	Great browser  snappy	Nice and stable web browser  Also compliant  If only I could run it on Linux without an emulator	    Kinda fast!   not chrome    but	Pretty poorly ported to Windows  doesnt hold much compared to Chrome or Firefox	Best of! Maybe somewhat poor on Windows still (stick with Firefox)  but rocks hard on a Mac!	Great browser though really heavy	Best at usability  and WebKit based	Safari sucks on pc (and mac too btw!)	I think Apple needs to stop adding features and lock down this browser  Browsers are the primary entry point for malware  and Safari is downright dangerous	Pelo menos pra mac  o Safari  um excelente navegador	Havent used this in ages	Safari is the best browser!	Its the standard Mac OS browser  however it would be better if I could choose Bing as a default search engine  I added Glims for that	It integrates well with the rest of Mac os X as well as working with almost everysite I use  Google Chrome is in Beta and Firefox is just too heavy for me	+ nice interface + fast   lacks many features   terrible windows version	Better than Internet Explorer but not so good as Firefox	My browser of choice  Lightning fast  and the integration with OS X services really increases productivity	very fast browser   could use a few extra apps	Faster than Firefox  but has compatibility problems with a few sites	Its okay  Rendering is better than IE (not saying much)  but interface and controls are inferior to both Chrome and Firefox	Great on Mac  So so on Windows	Parts are free software  but the code to the browser isnt  Arora is a bit better	Looks very nice  but takes a long time to open	its fast    but i prefer chrome or ff	I love the way it renders fonts on Windows  But sadly lacks few basic features	not the best when running the browser in windows	Would like to customize/add plugins  etc	Most things work  But other browser have better functionality	Went from worst to best browser ever fast easy to use light weight renders almost everything just more plug ins needed not to many though cough firefox	Great user experience  fast  not fatigued by plugins but with enough features built in so as to not require plugins (unlike chrome)  Safari is my default browse	Typical limited use  over hyped rubbish from Apple	Limited  Chrome is much better		
336961	The price is steep  but it must be worth it; with so many commercial and free alternatives  and after Ive switched to Linux  I still use it in a Windows VM	Amazing app  saved my life several times :D	Excellent  the premium photo editing app   But Adobe need to drop the ridiculous price tag on the new version though  no way am I upgrading! : (	Of course  But Im pissed about the cost of upgrading	I love it  but too expensive  Really fun  to toy with pictures	A powerful and creative image editor and creator  There really are no limits to what you can achieve with it  especially after learning how to use it fully	Download the demo before buying   Otherwise you wont know what youre getting into	Its easy to play with it ;)	I used Paint Shop Pro for years  but with newer versions it got slower and slower  Photoshop does the opposite  and its far more powerful to boot	In Love with Photoshop for the last 10 years	Getting a bit convoluted and bloated  it still is the reference app for any kind of graphics work more advanced than what Lightroom provides	I use this all the time as well for designing Web sites  But wish it was even better for that purpose  Better control of global design constants  etc	Love to manhandle my pics i PS	great program :)	My essential must have software for graphics and photomanipulation	i use it in some way every day	Very cost effective    when pirated	Industry standard  Superb piece of software engineering	Its my best friend   lol	I currently use CS3  Endless possibilities	I currently use Paint Net and mostly rely on natural photo shots	I really love it   I use PS CS4 almost every day	always use it for the image making	Its constantly open  I use it every day  great for designing  art  doodling  and the new screen sharing tool is amazing	I would not be where I am today without this program  There is nothing more fun than starting a project with a blank Photoshop canvas	adobe needs to come up with more innovative features	Good: theres nothing comparable in power or usability  Bad: the UI is so bad theres a whole website dedicated to Adobe UI Gripes <adobegripes tumblr com>	jadore ce logiciel il donne de bon resultat	i love it but cant afford it meaning i like it	I am a huge photoshop nerd  Its a fantastic program with millions of features and functions  With photoshop  if you can dream it  you can do it	Definitely the most powerful image editor  Using it for years  and still continue to discover cool new features	Use it all the time! It can do anything! I just need need to get a little better at it first lol  It is definitely an amazing program	Graphic Designers default tools of the trade	Expensive but has the most awesome feature set EVER!	But I havent devoted time to become adept with it	Useful  but too expensive and not really logicallay structured UI	Useful app  but a bit expensive	one of the best creative apps out there definitely a must have for me   each version offers better and better updates	Fun for playing with photos	Its overpriced and as far as I can tell  GIMP does everything it can do	By far the best photo manipulation software available	Buen editor de fotografias	without it http://www nihonomaru com/ would not have been created !	yeah photoshop is great apps for edit photo or picture	Excellent product but priced out of most potential end users budgets  lower the barrier to entry Adobe!	While laggy on older PCs  if you have the power to run it at the canvas size you need  it is an essential application for artists and photographers alike!	Using it for years and still the best image editing software!	A brilliant platform for editing and creating images and media!  Tons of plugins/add ons  and great tools make it simple to use  yet in depth for masters!	The leading photo editing software  and for a good reason  A shame that the pricing isnt more reasonable though	Not perfect but as close as maters  To expensive for most users to justify the cost and recently to many superfluous features that dont work well	greatest tool ever for photography	iiTZ DA FKK 3N BO0MB  COULDNT ASK 4 A B3TTAH ED1T1NG PRO0GR4M  :DD	Even though it is expensive as hell  its amazing software	the sickness   I wish it wasnt such a power hog though	Best digital art software in the market	Adobe Photoshop know what mean open mind  and use it	An amazing graphics program for Mac and PC alike  Just one of several great programs Adobe has to offer	Essence lies in making sense of it all!! Amazing software   can transform anything   a photgraphers delight!!	The most important and essential tool in any graphic designers toolbox  and the cornerstone of my own design endeavors	Adobe Photoshop is an amazing artistic tool for both professionals and amateurs	Be carefull  cuz when you know PS theres allways someone that needs some photo editing to be done! But its great to work with	all your photo editing needs	Just the standard for designing  Best program to do so	How could you not love the power of Photoshop   awesome program!	Amazing piece of software  hard effects are obviously very hard to use  Completely overpriced and should be more available in edition packages	Simplemente de lo mejor  no puede faltar el photoshop en ninguno de mis PCs	Simply and definitively the best app for so many things that designers have to deal with !	cukup menguasai ini  semuanya bisa  aplikasi standar dunia+terbaik dalam hal image editing		
338339	Boggles my mind that theres no Android app  but the Docs mobile site is decent for spreadsheet editing (not creation though)  Great for collaboration	i love the flexibility google docs allows with my financial docs   its all there  no matter what PC im on	very useful little free service  good for storing/sharing documents  very helpful when your away from your PC and need to edit stuff	its nice and simple  Good for colleagues or clubs trying to make a document/plan for their buisness/fun	Great to have an online version of Word  be it a basic alternative	Not as feature rich as paid suites  Being web based is a plus  though  and it usually gets the job done	Since I first learned of Google Docs  Ive used it extensively  Has low learning curve and love that its accessible everywhere	I dont want Google read my documents  Good had serious issues in privacy	Great app to create and share docs  even PDF	Zoho is anyday better  Just cos Microsoft does it  doesnt mean Google should	I love that I can access it from school  home  from my phone  or anymore  No more emailing myself my own documents!	Combined with OpenOffice  I never opened Microsoft Office ever again and my document management became completely free	Easily replaced Microsoft Office for me	GREAT GREAT GREAT!!  Word processing without software   Create powerpoints  pdfs  and spreadsheets for free and stored online	While good  it doesnt not compare to acrobat com and zoho	Needs a few more tweaks	its just a great service	this is the kind of tool that will make our future on web	Just a shame you the upload limits are so low   not quite there for business/power users yet	It sucks  it is too slow and it crashes a lot of times	I have it but rarely use it  but it is handy for the odd occasion I need it  For the rest of the time I have a text editor or wordpad	masih perlu pengembangan  bagus untuk sekelas aplikasi web		
336960	Ambivalent  Neither like nor dislike  Does what it says on the tin  Easy to use	Its ok  still no API though and slow to find updates to RSS often by weeks!	This a media album/scrapbook style blog  Works well for me	Its the best place to go if you want simple  no frills media sharing with your friends!	This site is actually a hit here in the Philippines  Its too narcissistic for my taste  Maybe Im not really sociable enough to fill up the features	aku benci blog yang menggunakan multiply		
337919	the best vectorial app!	Much better with a Wacom or something like that ;)	ok  its my fault  probably Im really stupid (sure  )  but is so hard to understand  probably I love too much his raster brother	I wouldnt be able to craft logos without this versatile tool	The best way to draw anithing  and design of course		
336828	Listal is IMO the best social cataloguing & collection manager site on the web  Very easy to add stuff to your collections & then sort & arrange  Check it out	Make lists of your fave movies  TV shows  fave actors/actresses  musical artist     Theres everything to love about that	This is a meet people with things in common network that ends up being a nice catalog of pop culture  Great for compulsive collectors and list makers!	Ive just joined today but so far I really like what I see	I love this one almost as much as IMDB make different lists of different themes   Also find new movies to check out		
336945	Best CMS! :)	This is one of the most versatile CMS systems available to meet your needs   No Im not sending you to check on a Joomla link today  :)	Joomla has changed my website creation process drastically  all my website either feature a Joomla element or are totally built using it	Out of the box it invariably seems to create sites with oodles of syntax errors  An interoperable web starts with standards  and CMSs have a big role to play!	A huge CMS from scratch  but at the same time very easy to scale down and customize to your needs !	The CMS  Joomla! is way much better than its competitors like Drupal	Compared to various competitors  Joomla feels dated and bloated	joomla is very buggy and makes your life very difficult to create your own template!	Nearly impossible to separate form from function  Most Joomla developers simply dont understand that you may just want a component to look the way you want		
507846	Facial recognition  quick uploads  easy albums  ability to sync with online web Picasa make this the best choice for my needs!	Makan mie ayam uh enak banget	love it way better than dumb i photo and stingy flicker	cukup menyukai saja  masih perlu ditingkatkan lagi		
337125	The easiest bloging tool which is becoming more and more addictive	easiest blogging tool EVER!	So far so good  Very simple (in a good way)  Reminds me a bit of Tumblr (just a bit)	kinda weird and limited	This is potentially very useful   If the bookmarklet was tweaked I think I would use it regularly so will keep an eye on this service	Finally blog  what can use easily via mail  And the photo gallery is awesome!	Just started using  easy to post to anything!	Brilliant  love it! One email and I can post to everywhere   facebook  wordpress  blogger  twitter  livejournal      Im sold!	Its very useful  Very simple  It has many  options for posting	Just love it  I hardly ever did forward funny or interesting e mail to friends  I now forward my picks to my posterous	I just found it and its really cool  You take a picture on your phone and email it to Posterous and its uploaded to your website	its the simple thing you can use	I was skeptical  but after using this for one day  Im already hooked   Web 2 0 in full fashion   Its just going to keep getting better	Too easy to use! Didnt realize blogging could become so simple   Fast and effective  so far so good!	VERY easy  Send pictures  video  and text via email and it ends up on a blog  Looks great too	Not only is it wonderfully simple  it also sends links to your blog on twitter and facebook after a post  Other sites are supported as well	Actually created account after seeing it Blippd and very pleased with the site  One of most easiest and aesthetically pleasing blog services around!	A simple blogging tool	I use posterous to share all my everyday snapshots Integrates well with twitter!	similar to tumblr  i like	It makes blogging so much easier  One click and boom: posted to your blog  One click: send	As of this moment  I am writing my first Posterous post  I like its simplicity and will most likely love it in a few days or weeks	Perfect for no work  easy blogging	easy blogging   yes  integration with twitter   yes yes	its amazing and very easy wow i love it www younes me	need I say more  bing	Really love this  It saves me lots of time for blogging in many services	Easy to use  Great place to keep everything	Start started using  but like it so far	Its my primary blogging platform	i cant access this in my proxy server	Im biased  but I especially love Posterous users	Its ok  but blogging isnt really my thing	Its concept is great   but the downsides that blipprs got no support about it	You want simple blogging? It doesnt get any simpler than this  Try it  Itll blow your mind  really!	Easy to get going  lots of possibilities to post various content and to autopost to other sites	Blog for people who do not want to blog or know how  People use this just so they can tell friends they have a blog	Its a decent minimal platform for blogging  I like it for a nice  quick note dump and for storing strange ideas  links  movies  mp3s etc	nice app  great stuff	Ease of use  reliable and saves time  Excellent	its really simple & cool	Whats to say  but this is a great service  I can post to just about everywhere with one click  Its stylish  too  in a minimalist way	Just discovered it  Awesome  Why wouldnt people use only this to blog?	Makes it easy to post to everywhere! Easiest blog platform on the planet!	Its not as obvious to many picture tweeters as its more than images	Im using Posterous more and more  It needs better descriptive uses  however	Functionality is great however somewhat limiting on layouts   I also dont like that its not integrated with AdSense  however integration in general is very good	Wicked awesome blogging platform  Period	I am new to Posterous   So far so good   Thanks to A  Ostorow and the Mashable team for helping to navigate me through this simplest of blogging platforms  :)	My new fav toy! Will be making good use of it throughout 2010	im new user  i like interface  design  facebook connection  good  god job im blogger  comments  share ideas  good  excellent	I discovered posterous the same day I discovered tweetdeck  Its really awesome  You auto post on most blog sites  You can auto post to twitter and facebook  5*	I tkink that Posterous is perfect    I can to organize my schedule (times) and for publishing only I need one mail	This site makes it so simple to post easily and quickly as I stumble upon great info for my readers!	I use it daily :)	my favorite mico blogging platform  super easy to post	Very easy to blog  Simple and is fast  All you do is use your email and post	One of the neat aspects about Posterous is the ability to email send to items from websites directly to ones blog as individual entries  Very handy feature	If you can email  you can use Posterous  LOVE IT!	Easy to use and better than tumblr in Google searches	I hate the idea  horrible use of customization  use a service that has more versatile options	While the concept sounds easy to use  not everything one wants to share is easy to email  At times cutting and pasting a URL is just better	incredible initial concept    for people working exclusively by email    and they can twitter and facebook automatically through posterous    kudos!	Ive been waiting for something like this for years  I can post everywhere I go via mob  it acts like a combined lifestream/blog and it takes all kind of media	Microblogging and real blogging merged together   Allows crossposting nearly anywhere an unlimited storage!		
338329	Its hard to beat Twitpic  but TweetPhoto is coming close	A neat way to upload pics to Twitter!  Good alternative to Twitpic	TweetPhoto looks better than TwitPic no doubt  but http://TwitSnaps com is miles ahead  Zoom  Crop  10MB  Filters  Hall of fame  TwitSnaps is thought leader	I think Im really gonna enjoy this one!	I like it except that it doesnt work with my t mobile phone  T mobile doesnt work with a lot of things  but it does work with TwitPic	I think its a gr8 service  the brill twitter app http://coderanger com/twitcher/ has native support for it complete with preview tooltips	Awesome  check out Britney Spears is using it!  Watch out twitpics	Upload photos at your fingertips   sharing photos is as simple as that  Good UI design and uses KISS principle		
337485	Great lightweight audio player  Extremely customizable  with good extension support  Native support for all major audio formats  except RealAudio	I use it mostly for the easy playlist management	Quick to load & easy to use	super lightweight and fast!	No nonsense full featured music player for Windows	Its worser than iTunes  it just isnt my kind of thing	Lightweight but a bit annoying since the devs dont allow for skin customization in the newer versions  :	Too difficult for customization  I was not able to manage this	+ extremely customizable + fast + stable   difficult configuration		
337484	A great freeware image editing program  Very powerful for freeware  though not at the same level as Photoshop	bey bey Photoshop !	AKA the free Photoshop	A poor mans Photoshop  I use it al the time :)	GIMP is a great & free alternative to Photoshop   I use it everyday   Recommended!	Great tool for photo editing	Great program to manipulate photos and other pictures	Se me hace demasiado complicado y limitado    por ahora lo peor de mi experiencia con Linux	GIMP is a phenomenal application that emulates Photoshop capabilities; various skins and add ons make it a versatile tool	A great  free alternative to Photoshop  although I prefer Photoshop	Free  gradients  filters  fonts  filetypes  the list goes on	gimp is great i really like it when photo shop not available	An amazing free resource  I have still not discovered all it can do	totally lame as compares to photoshop  doesnt go the gamut	Difficult for a beginner  but powerful enough for everyday use!	Use it in my daily work  Takes a while to get used to   like every large application  Not totaly perfect  but to be honest  Photoshop is not either	My main graphics editing program  People complain that its difficult to use  but its actually very simple once you learn the basics	The best free alternative to photoshop	The most comprehensive free image manipulation program on the web  Still  its slow to load and is no match for Photoshop	I like it but its not Photoshop  Every time I overhear an OSS evangelist try to persuade designers to start using it I cringe a little  Still glad it exists	Its OK  but it still needs some polishing  Im not a fan of the text tool  but it has some promise  Takes more time to learn than Photoshop	Ive been using GIMP for years  at home and at work  It gets the job done without the overhead of Photoshop	Great photoshop alternative  does everything I need	I like it but its not that easy to use	leading open source graphics design tool	Gimp drives me absolutely crazy when I use it  Terrible usability	Fune free editor  Bad usability	An decent open source Photoshop	Great free alternative to photoshop and its free but its much harder to learn and not very friendly	Absolutely awesome  Created lots of amazing stuff in GIMP  :)	There are MUCH better free solutions out there  even including the online cloud ones	Gets the job done perfectly  And I dont even need to pay for it	For me the features are sufficient and I like the usability much better than photoshops	I know it is free but thats no excuse for non standard interface and poor GUI implementation  Sorry but Photoshop is light years ahead  Paint net is a better a	Awesome application for image editing  Free and almost complete	+ free + great features   horrible  outdated interface   slow startup   lack of CMYK disqualifies it in professional use	my misunderstand painter fox	Best alternative to Photoshop	Its incomprehensible to anyone whos not willing to take twice as long to learn it than it would take for any other graphics editing program	Like everyone says  for something thats supposedly a photoshop replacement the UI is god awful  and seriously   no CMYK?		
469362	The best cell phone	I bit overrated and definitely overpriced when you add up the price of service to the phone itself  but it could still be a very useful tool  If only I had one	I want buttons in my phone!!!	Simply the best phone i have ever had	One of the best mobile platforms	Best purchase ever  Love it!	LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! (except for lack of UI customizability  and other hacks [which i LOVE to do] So for me  WM and Android are better  cus of XDA DEVELOPERS!!!!)	The bestest phone in the WHOLE WIDE WORLD!	More than a year after getting it  and the novelty still hasnt worn off    LOVE my iPhone	I would love the iPhone if Apple listened to their fans and give us iTunes support in Linux	The iPhone has changed my life   Ive had my iPhone since March 2008 and I will never buy another phone from any other company besides Apple   Thank you  Apple	Im jealous of the owners because unlike them  I cant like a phone which doesnt allow me to install stuff that I want to  More @ pleasefixtheiphone com	Its changed the entire mobile phone industry  LG  Samsung  Motorola  RIM and many more are still playing the me too! game  I will never use a different phone	Whatd I do before I had my iPhone? No clue  because now an ordinary phone seems like nothing in comparison  I so love my iPhone and couldnt live without it	I LOVE THE IPHONE! Unfortunately  I hate it   A phone is no GOOD when it doesnt FUCKING work  So there is no point of it being a phone   Thank you AT&T GoToH	over hyped  under featured  uni tasking  closed platform	only had it for 24 hours and its very sleak  Only gripe so far is that I need to attach it to my PC and dont see the seemless cloud connectivity to gmail	I love my iPhone 3GS! It does everything I need it to do and more! It is packed with features and applications for almost anything! Cant leave home without it!	Best damn phone ever!	Its not the best phone! People think its the god  come on  phones like HTC makes kill the iphone	One of the best modern phones of the century! Filled with Apps and music  it is an amazing gadget by Apple!	Apple and IPhone can suck it! Thumbs down  BLACKBERRY 4 LIFE!	Clearly an overated product    So many phones with much more to give (processing speed  camera  etc) and a smaller price  (Nokia)	Blackberry blows  and as a Canadian I hate to say it but the iPhone has my heart <3	The iPhone is my life or should I say has been  bring on the Nexus One :)	It is just the best thing right now in the mobile space!	The best gift in the history of gift giving!!!! Love it  How did i ever live without it	Its the headquarters of my chaotic life	Im with Google/Android  My new baby is nexus  I put my iphone up for adoption	The phone that changed phones forever  Great user interface and beautiful and simple design		
337481	Good variety of games  decent prices in the US  but DRM is annoying and customer support is atrocious	Convenience is king  Ive bought more games through Steam than Ive ever bought in a store  and the weekly sales are a huge plus	Like all the useful things Ive come across  Steam was introduced to me by my brother  Useful for hopelessly addicted TF2 gamers	Day of Defeat and Team Fortress 2  Two amazing mindless shooters that you could play for hours	Exactly like Xbox Live but for PC  Buying a game is only a couple of clicks away  Pricey games in Europe due to 1 euro = 1 dollar conversion though	Such a good platform and community	Many games available for purchase   Decent prices and weekend  plus doliday deals   Automatic game updates   Online games backup available   No native o	Good gaming platform that likely demonstrates the future of digital distribution gaming	I bought Total war which is a great game in the past  By the time i jumped thru all the hoops with steam  I could not play the damn game  There is no one to cal	A pretty good game distribution platform  maybe the best one available  Buying and managing games is easy  It also often has good discounts of popular games		
338321	Takes some time to get used to when moving from iTunes  Requires some extra installation tricks on Ubuntu 9  All in all  its the best on Linux	Amarok seems to figure out what songs I like	Linux media center	I use it daily :)		
336813	Mac OS X isnt as perfect as everyone likes to make out  but its the best OS Ive used so far  Now Ive gone Mac  Im not going back	The best OS you can get   Once you try it  youll never go back to Windows  Ever	Best app ever! :)	This is changed my life! Just so natural to use	The best desktop OS in the world  And snow is coming  Great fight between Microsoft and Apple is just beginning :)	It is an amazing step up from Tiger    The reference OS	Yes! Just yes	Powerful  elegant  intuitive  effective  Apple!	Leopard runs like a champ on my iMac 24 <3	Best combination of high level polish and low level access	Probably the best operating system I have ever used  and Im comparing it to Windows 2000!  Highly recommended  but dont impulse upgrade if you have Tiger 10 4	Fantastic OS  still some small niggles  but wouldnt swap it for the world!	Theres just nothing else you can compare it too! Runs beautifully  looks brilliant  I just have nothing bad to say!	Itll keep me over until Snow Leopard	Very stable  intituive  love it until Snow Leopard :D	Simple and Elegant   This is a fantastic operating system with far more capabilities and built in features than XP or Vista while also being much more stable	Perfection! I recently switched over from Windows & my stress level is down  plus I have stopped yelling at inanimate objects! It works and looks good doing it	I love Mac OS  i think much better then Windows	You caught me I am a Mac lover	Looking forward to Snow Leopard :)	A very different workflow to Windows and Ubuntu  but everything is so much simpler and theres no messing around in the system if you dont want to  Also  BSD	OSX FTW!! Come on  you still want to get jail in that little Windows?	You love it or you hate it  Well  I hate it  Though I have to give Apple credit for being able to market their products so successfully	Amazing  though some apps hog up system resources  Will be improved by Snow Leopard aka 10 6!	I am using it and I really love it  Its clean & clear  easy to use and very productively	This is definitely a move in the right direction toward intuitive interfaces	As usual Apple thinks far ahead with good intentions not just profit in mind	Good one   but soon its gonna be Snow Leopard!	Love the space bar preview option as well as spaces  Helps keep a clean desktop  Its wonderful!	Some people love the UI    I think its too simply and annoying	Easy  Integrated  Fresh  Innovative  Most importantly  very few hassles	It only works on Macs  which is a shame	Dont know the reason but I love using this OS	Yep  smooth  awesome    what else do you want haters? (Plus Im a dedicated Windows User :D)	The best OS until Snow Leopard	Id like to have one    :( Ive tried and is so         so!!!	Cant see much of the difference but love it!	Usability! Stability! Design! Like Linux  but with Adobe CS (:	Only used it recently and so far so good  not perfect but hell what is  Looking forward to trying a little snow with it though	So many features and is very simple to use	I dont like it  Im too get used to Windows way of doing things	Excellent leap from Tiger  Being built on BSD kernel makes it easy to port *nix apps  Greatest stability of mainstream OSs	Apple is my favorite brand  seriously	Anytime I dont think I like OS X  I think of Windows and shutter	Leopard was the major change  so Snow Leopard is the icing on the cake  Minor refinements to a high quality OS	love the new expose	switched to Snow Leopard month after its out  Cant complain too much   way way better then Redmond products  thats for sure  Not goin back there ever	Switched from Windows    Like night and day  How do people put up with Microsoft?	Its better than Windows but no so good as Linux	Great O/S  looks good  runs good : ) keeps me happy	Wonderful! The most elegant operating system in the world!	Looks super nice	Definitely worlds most advanced operating system and its even sleek sexy and easy to use	Like all other Apple software  this might work well in its own little world but has poor integration with everything else		
336812	Unlike most people  I didnt have a single problem with Vista for the entire time I used it  I prefer Mac OS X  but Vista is still a nice OS to use	I think Vista has gotten a bit of a bum rap  Ive never had any real problems with it  UAC takes a bit of getting used to  but overall Vista is a good OS	Digital Restriction Management  Arduous menu system  Painfully slow  Vista? Yup	I still cannot get used to it   it is not user friendly or at least it is not friend with me ! :D	Its not horrible  It doesnt have some of the problems it did at first  but I still dont like some of the interface changes	You blipped vista!    cancel or allow   ? :|	Windows Vista  it not a big success	Come on man  Its cool windows that Im using right now  since 98	There is a reason  as to why I prefer Firefox over Vista: The former is a helluva more faster than the latter	Im not sure why everyone harps on it  It works  its secure  its fast (Im on 64 bit) and its windows  which has 100x more apps than Mac/Linux	Its got its critics but I like it  Most stable version of Windows Ive personally used   Just wished it was faster   Windows 7 looks nice though	I dont have words to describe its suckyness   Simply put: its the worst software engineering from Microsoft so far	Vista is a pretty unstable and buggy Operating System that is aggravating to use	I put like but I was torn  I think its OK  I got the newer version of Vista which had some bugs fixed  But when Windiws7 is avaible  I will instantly upgrade	haha this is the reason i own a mac lol	Post SP1 Vista is very usable  but as many others I am waiting for Windows 7	F@ck the  Micro$oft Tax  shittest things on the Computer world   Ballmer this for u [  |  ] Ubuntu will eat u  Fat Bu$terd  :P now do the Monkey Jump Again :P	I dont see why everyone hates Vista so much  Ive been using it for ages  and its almost identical to XP  but with a few tweaks  Roll on Windows 7 though  ;)	Vistas chrome is great and all  but it slows the computer so much that Im going to downgrade to XP soon	weak system  windows 7 beta were more stable than the final version of Vista	What can I say I converted to Linux Ubuntu over a year ago and havent looked back	If Microsoft hadnt invented Windows there would be no war  famine or disease  : )	A decent OS  but dont even bother installing this on a Netbook  get XP or 2000 instead	I got a new laptop  was completely anti Vista  I can stand it(4 GB ram  it works)  but I dual boot Ubuntu  and would really rather have Mac OSX or at least XP	Blahhh  I want my next OS to use 2 gigs of Ram not just one	Thought it would be good turned out to be terrible with constant crashes and terrible functionality  An appalling Os I want a MAC!	It drives me crazy  Its slow and doesnt manage your downloads as well as xp  It doesnt let you open certain folders for unknown reasons  Get xp or a mac	Slow and buggy    but surprisingly better than XP	A few good features but mostly just major bloatware  i went straight back to XP	Vista is the most stable OS Ive ever used  Ive encountered far more problems with XP than I have with Vista  Nvidia and Creative be damned  Vista is solid	Utter crap  unstable  incompatible  get Windows 7 now  Much more solid	Never had a problem with it  Dont know why all you people are complaining about it	Its good  not as good as windows 7  not even close	OK and decent  but I think Ubuntu is a bit better	Windows vista is a fuck up by a fucked up company	Screw proprietary software  Screw Microsoft  Screw Windows  But Vista is of another world  Security is a joke  it has compatibility issues  and its slow as hel	What a nightmarishly sluggish buggy OS   I dont like to pull my hair out	Some of the problems in Vista I just cant stand! Other than a few big problems  it is alright	+ looks better than XP   problems with software and drivers   buggy   slower than XP & Seven	one word: DOG  man this had to be the worst product produced out of Redmond  GUI only thing decent   but poor poor performance; ditched returned to XP!	I liked Windows before this  Used it my entire life  I loved XP  But    Vista was the worst thing to ever happen to this world  [:	I love the new software stack  and it feels more real worldly   finally a MS OS I can sink my teeth into!	Slow  buggy  old  ugly	Lousy  Everyone keeps XP or skips it to 7	Would you like to run Firefox?  Cancel or Allow  Would you like to download OpenOffice?  Cancel or Allow  So annoying   And Vista is slow and buggy	Works well  most of the complaints I see from people areOMG IT IS DIFFERENT FROM XP! and WHY DOESNT IT WORK ON THIS OLD COMPUTER? but it works fine	Windows Vista was not  as most think  a bad OS  Released too early  perhaps  but the negative opinions are mostly driven by users with under spec hardware	ive had vista since it first came out  and havent had any problems with it yet the xp interface was just CHEESEY	I used this OS for a couple years and never suffered the problems other people did	Not Microsofts best OS  XP and Windows 7 both out classed Vista		
393517	Having own blog & domain is really possible with blogger service Just simple as a piece of cake Just sign up with e mail ID & get to your blogging world	I have a few blogs on Blogger   v easy to use	He probado varias plataformas de Blogging  pero ninguna me convence  Por su facilidad y por su configurabilidad  me sigo quedando con Blogger	hanya menyukai saja  masih perlu pengembangan		
467501	Fantastic   really love not having to use my browser for Facebook chat and being able to use Facebook Chat like MSN	I am not so sure about this feature   It becomes strange when your friend of a friend connection is IMing you  and you dont even remember who they are!	yo fucker get me on dis shittttttt	i like it very much   may be it will help me	i love th way i treat my celf	it is good because we can find friend in this web	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is		
466412	i love justin bieber x	Easy to use  Hotmail offers both a personal and a practical method for organising your emails	Although Hotmail was my very first email client ever  it was never as user friendly as Yahoo! or Google	benci para pengguna email hotmail		
337236	Excellent new service from Kosmix  personalising your newspaper is dead simple and it looks very neat too   Very customisable	I think it is even better than RSS readers because I dont need to know  the RSS feeds  only my interests	Perfect to set up and forget  Your own personal virtual newspaper for catching up on your favorite topics when you have a spare moment	Easy to set up and view things your interested in	As a MeeHive developer Im excited about our product  Our service is already valuable to a lot of people and we are adding new things daily		
574203	Slow proprietary crap  eww	What a waste of time everytime you try to do something !!	Dont use it any more  using Ubuntu all the time  but I do have my qualifications for Windows and I am happy to assist others and solving their problems	its Awesome   i Love it     Windows forever !	After years of random crashes and wasting huge chunks of days fixing problems that then fix themselves for no reason  mac OSX is like a godsend	A piece of shit OS that severely lacks stability  It is very poorly put together and lacks useful features	Cant live with it  cant live without it  Although Windows 7 is two big fat thumbs up	Despite the fact that mac fan boys have trouble compensating for their lack of directx and smaller software catalog  windows remains superior	i do everything on my windows computer   gaming  homework  you name it  mac suks		
337112	Great extension  Im really  really digging the multiple rows of tabs  since I tend to have something like 30 open at any given time	Great extension even if I only use it for adjusting how mouse clicks work	I used to use this to make all new window links open in new tabs  but its included in Firefox now  Was useful back in the day  though	A must have for Firefox users  though I use Chrome now  ; )	A great add on  kudos		
337231	Best thing about Twitterrific is the bird sounds it makes that annoy the hell out of anyone in the room with you  Priceless amusement!	i think they have done a great job with the new version  hope they integrate @tweetphoto soon ;)	Did a personal review on this  screenshots included =) http://hueyyei posterous com/tweetie vs twitterrific showdown	My new favorite Twitter app  Period  Takes the place of Tweetie  Interface really is slick  It can only keep getting better! Good job IconFactory	The 2 features its missing from Tweetie is its not able to view following/followers and cant zoom in on profile pics!	One of the top 2 Twitter iPhone Apps: neck & neck with Tweetie	Really awesome after the latest update  A must have for iPhone	I agree with vincentpjimenez that the only thing lacking from making this outstanding is the inability to view following/followers  But I bet it will soon!	One of my favorite apps  alongside Twitterfon	Best twitter app on my iPhone	Beautiful design overall but also probably one of the best Twitter apps out there  The location feature also updates to your town rather than coordinates	My most used app on my Iphone  the best portable twitter application by far  colourful and user friendly	Used to be good  But the ads and price tag spoil the fun	Fine if you follow just the people that you really care of	Ok    ive said this enough    If you want to know what i mean  look at my previous stuff about twitter	By far the best Twitter app for iPhone	Nice App  easy to handle	Not bad for a twitter client	yeahhh stop reaning not bad for twitter app	Ive never liked the look of this app  It makes things more complicated than they should be	I used this for some time then tweetie2 came along  would go revert back if it had options for custom urls and custom image upload locations like tweetie	Cannot find a means to follow my Lists ! What am I missing ?		
494780	An excellent improvement from Tweetie   Love the new arrangement of features   Posting attachments is much easier   And it always opens where I left off	Wooot!!! This + Boxcar total iPhone twitter experience EVAR	Hands down the most sexy Twitter client out there!	This is THE definitive Twitter client app on the iPhone! Sexy and functional! Does everything you need it to do and more!	Great Twitter client app  with tons of functionality   Anything you need to do on Twitter   The only way to go if you have an iPhone	Best twitter app for the iPhone  Period  Awesome UI  great features and fast perfomance	Tweetie 2  just like the first one is an amazing Twitter client  my favorite by far	AWESOME   AUTO GEOTAGGING FTW	Best twitter client for iPhone	Best twitter client for the iPhone  Great interface  love custom short URLs and custom image upload facilities! Will never change my twitter client on my iPhone		
467193	Taroby is a really useful collaborative tool for virtual teams with great features and design  Its major features are ums and sharing email accounts among teams	Innovative Concept & a gr8 Design! Taroby Simplifies the communication process greatly when it comes to teams  and can be integrated easily to d current process	Taroby makes team work easier with the help of a team inbox or a common inbox for the team  It has got an incredible concept and helps you GoGreen at work  =D	Taroby is the Next Gen Communication and Collaboration Suite for teams or work groups	Taroby is a new generation of truly team based web application  allowing teams to work together efficiently  by saving a lot of time & resources for your people	With Taroby  you have a highly versatile dashboard to collaborate online with your staff  clients and partners  Its accessible thr web browsers from anywhere		
548821	A free project management and invoicing tool for freelancers  Free alternative to Basecamp and Freshbooks  check it out!	Awesome simple project management tool for freelancing  even includes invoicing!	Really useful project    wouldnt mind some more sharing features though  Brilliant nonetheless	Its simply brilliant  Its based on the same philosophy as 37signalss services  I bet it will have a lot of cool features in the future	It was exactly what i needed  Simple to use but still full of smart features    It perfectly fits my freelancing business		
337590	I would be lost without this app  It has made life so much easier not only for storing passwords  but for having strong passwords	Many people dont understand what this app does at first  but once you figure it out and start using it regularly youll never want to surf the web without it	I dont know how I logged into websites before this program  Developers are constantly improving it too!	Indispensable  although the UI feels a little clunky for some reason	Very handy  especially some site which always force you to change passwords in a fixed period of time	This was the greatest thing I added to my life last year!  I agree with many others when I say that this is one of the first apps that I install on a new mac	Im its biggest fan :)	Got this when it was free  amazing tool for storing your password if you easily forget them!	Extremely useful on my Mac and on my iPhone		
336808	Launchy has completely changed the way I navigate my computer  Alt+Space brings up launchy  and I start typing  The Command Line meets Starship Enterprise	Great Launcher application	Great little app!	I use it all the time  Very good	Remind me   why are there icons on the desktop? and whats the start menu for? Oh  right  some people dont use launchy	windows start button search  but better	great way to get around your PC quickly	Its learning capabilities for auto completion are great!	I really love Launchy   I dont use it  though   It seems that I always forget to use it   I think that the Vista search works find  so I save the disk space	This is awesome    spotlight but 1000000% better	Like quicksilver  great for all your app needs :) works really well	One of my favorite application launcher	I like it but I have Google desktop and it basically does everything this application does  Ill play around with a bit more over time  Good so far though	Used to use it a lot  but replaced it with Everything Search Engine		
336804	An Adobe AIR twitter app that does everything  and does it well  Except for memory management  This app can really cause an older computer to crawl	Its really recommend for twitter junkies/crazies who have huge number of friends  Its looks bit professional with quite impressive features	Easily my favorite Twitter client   Love being able to sort my followers into columns for easier conversations	Relatively new user  but it has changed the way I use Twitter   Twitter should buy this application and make it their own!	I really like TweetDeck  but wish it didnt slow down my desktop	Great app    just need to cut down on RAM usage a bit	I use TweetDeck as my main twitter client  But  the only problem is that it uses a lot of API requests (Which is pretty much refreshing Twitter)	Tweetdeck and I have a love hate relationship	TweetDeck is impeccably designed and SO useful  Obsessed with the groups feature  It uses a lot of memory  though	A solid desktop Twitter app   I may look a little dry  but its very useful once you get used to using it	I set it up but its tough to keep up with it  I like the concept  I need to spend more time with it	Im not a huge Twitter user but not really liked this app	Lots of options and control for all Twitter accounts	@tweetdeck : The best Twitter app available  Cross platform too  which is nice  If only it could handle multiple accounts	The best twitter desktop app	I used to be vehemently opposed to this desktop consuming Twitter client  now I cant live w/o it ;)	I dont know how I could even still do Twitter without TweetDeck   It is great for organizing everything and sifting through tweets	Its okay  and looks nice at face value  but after a while I think the style is a bit overwhelming and it can become confusing to use	A bit of a resource hog  but extremely useful for reading twitter feeds  It sometimes has memory leaks and has to be restarted to make it work properly	Nice if you want to read a large number of tweet  But its memory hungry  like many AIR applications	Dont use it as much as I could  but this is a solid piece of software for Tweeters	I dont use it anymore  but its okay  Not my favorite	Great software even in beta! TweetDeck gives Twitter an IM like interface with alerts and a slew of features including translating tweets!	TweetDeck is awesome  Its the application I go to for my main Twitter account  I had to use something else for two days and realized how much I depend on it	Its what Im using now  but theres definitely some awkward niggly issues that need ironing out before I commit to it	Best desktop Twitter app  Good tip: create a Mashable column in TweetDeck for easy news reading	its great  except would like to add more columns & track conversations better like on Tweetie	This is definitely a good twitter app  though there are a few bugs here & there with the 12 seconds recording etc   Highly recommended all in all	Its an OK app  but it tends to get in the way  If it ran in the menu bar instead of the dock  and didnt quit when you closed the window  Id probably use it	Been using TweetDeck for a while now  Love the way it allows for columns  Wish it allowed for multiple twitter accounts  though	I do love the app  Wish there were a few more features  but its still a love	Yeah  TweetDeck is the best desktop Twitter application  Take full advantage of all the features (groups  search  link shortening  TwitPic & more)	I now see Twitter in a whole new way!	Amazing app  the columns feature is great!	Use it nearly everyday for easy grouping of different types of contacts  Retweeting and url shortening is a breeze	tweeting made easy!!! =)	I choose tweetdeck when I choose to twitter	Easy to use and with lots of functionalities  I love the seach columns	Very clean  cool  easy to use app   A bit of a learning curve at first but not bad   Like the recent Facebook integration	it is great  and even better it has facebook integration!	Great functions but absolutely pig ugly	I think that the new one is even better for Mac OS X and for updating Twitter and if you have it Facebook! Follow me @cp123!	Scary installation warning: Publisher Unknown  System Access Unrestricted  Can I trust that it wont put my computer at risk??	Twhirl is WAY better	I have it open 24/7 on my desktop  Do I need to say more about how much I love it ;)	My no  1 choice for desktop twittering	Fairly smart  and the best twitter desktop client I have found  But lots of kinks that need ironing out  and of course its based on Adobe Air	I like it but it crashes on me all of the time	pretty cool to segregate and vice versa	allows me to organize twitter! create groups  search and integrate Facebook  love it!	I love how I can get Twitter and Facebook friend updates in one application  Now  Ill really be addictive to both  :)	Seesmic Desktop is waaaay better!	Best way to manage  create  and send tweets	probably the best way to manage tweets and track tags in the twitterverse	stable  streamlined  feature rich management of tweets only limited by twitters own API  seamlessly integrates other services  too	Just installed this past weekend  but already have promoted it at a conference I attended	Awesome desktop Twitter client!	Tweetdeck makes sense of Twitter  Create groups from search alone makes this a must for tweeters	I love it!  Absolutely the easiest way to keep track of tweets: dm  reply  all  etc   its a cool app  one I cant do without	TweetDecks way too busy to use as my main Twitter client  Its great for monitoring Apple keynotes  though	Best way to organize Tweets   Love the notifications and love the different features ie  Shorten URL	works really well to aggregate all my twitters	Awesome! I can use the same AIR app on Linux  OS X and Windows	easy to use  multiple panels at once  a little buggy at times	The best way to get your twitter and facebook updates & keep them organised  The layout is simple & clear  you can create groups & it has useful link shortner	Does just what its supposed to do!	TweetDeck makes me feel like Im at the controls of a futuristic spaceship  and that delusion makes TweetDeck awesome  Sorting people by group is hot  too	Great for tweeting and keeping on top of your friends  The replies tab is slow at updating though	Best twitter app bar none	You cant reply to Facebook statuses    the only thing wrong with it!	its a very nice and customizable desktop twitter application  and it has facebook integration as well	was ok  a lot more powerful than other apps  but I found it a little bit unreliable at times  so for me it comes in second behind twhirl	Only been using it a short while  but seems okay so far	2 Thumbs Up it keeps you organized 2!	Awesome app  5 Stars!!!	Awesome         Great      Only so many words to describe how good it is!	im more browser based so i dont use that much yet i like how you can view everything at once	Fantastic app  Keep it running all the time and can just take a quick glance every now and then to keep up to date with my friends tweets	Using this on both OS   Great ap that always notifys you if something interesting happening in the network	its a great application to view twitter profiles and view twitter messages	Very nice  adjust API or youll dink out all the time	I love having all the info in one location	Revolutionised my Twitter experience  Occasionally a little buggy  but generally reliable and does the job well  Lots of nice features	Its making my life a lot easier	I dont use Twitter enough to need this app  but it sure looks pretty	Cant tweet without TweetDeck  Organizes and makes sense of my Twitter life	I would love it if I could have more than one account on it  but otherwise TweetDeck works really well for me	I still want it to have (many) more toys and functionality  and support many more services	I would not be on twitter with out tweetdeck! Wat easy and way cool	its awesome and makes Twitter all the better!	You right    is the best app for twitter =0)	I use it every day! Groups are the best way to keep track of who youre following	My favourite Twitter app  makes my life easier and less chaotic :D	handy for sifting thru tweets	Its really great! I love using it and helps me to see what I need to reply to right away and keeps everything separate  I cant say enough good things about it	I have to admit  this is a really nice tool for twitter  though most useful if you follow too many people and twit too much	Good  but i prefer Seesmic Desktop	Good  is very usefull and handy!!	Best Twitter App ever  wished I had an iPhone so I could have TweetDeck everywhere I go!	I pretty much use this app solely when Im not on my iPhone	With version  26 I can honestly say its nearly perfect   Let me reply to facebook and add plurk support and Im sold forever	I think this is the best Twitter client the supports multiple accounts and has a Group feature	Maybe its because AIR apps dont feel right on the Mac  maybe its because its overloaded and clunky    I guess its useful to Twitter power users maybe	i dont know enough about it to judge   thats whats wrong w/this country   everyone asks us to judge even though we dont have valid experience for it!!	Love the new version	tried some of the others  but came back to TD   love the groups function  being able to call up individual profiles  Excellent appl  use it everyday	I love the interface  Very user friendly	great tool   cant manage twitter without it!	My favorite twitter client for the desktop	Best app even with the memory leaks    this is the best browser of Twitter and the more Twitter tools they integrate the better	Air version = love  iPhone version = hate  Average = like	Easily my favourite desktop Twitter client  The iPhone version is good  but not quite up to Tweetie yet	It is THE BEST twitter client for desktops for heavy twitter users  Supreme functionality & constant innovation make it awesome  It is also one of best AIR app	getting better by the day	even beter now with multi account suppport =)	Cool app! Nice features missing in others clients (eg: filters)	Good but I have to tweak it massively on my eeepc 701  I use it on my desktop  still deciding between Tweetdeck and Seesmic for dominance on my pc	great for organizing your tweetness	easy to use easy to view!!	made tweeting with 2 accounts better!	The best client ever for Twitter	A MUST have for all Twitter ers	The best client Ive tested	Handy  but not very sleek  Good for tweet categorisation	Overall its a pretty solid Twitter app	Ive settled on it as my preferred Twitter client  Works great; my biggest gripe is that its built on AIR  and tends to be resource heavy  Great featureset tho	Great twitter client  very well organized  I do wish the notifications actually displayed the tweet though	Great! This application supports the multi OS(windows  mac  linux)  Furthermore  the Sync function is the best	Always have it running  and it manages my Twitter and Facebook accounts  I get everything in very close to real time  which helps when following over 100 people	TweetDeck rocks   Its flexible  customizable  helps you organize the tweets you follow  and it happens to be beautiful and cross platform	Starting to get used to it    love all the features it has  I can rock with it! DestroyTwitter is still my favorite!	With TweetDeck on both the desktop & iPhone it is hands down the most effective client for accessing Twitter	Good    but AIR   slow  no native look etc  Gwibber the best!	The web is just better  Id rather open firefox to check my tweets than TweetDeck  I cant see other peoples profiles nor click links to quickly see whats ne	Its a great client for Twitter  I personally use it  but hate its Facebook support	I used to love it  but got notififcation to update and the new one SUCKS  Gimme back old version  please	For twitter  it is the top  but unfortunately  as in my many other reviews  im not a big twitter person	Heres an easy way to update Twitter  Facebook and MySpace in any combination from your desktop	Free  easy to use   syncs with iPhone	Best way to utilize Twitters features in one place	Muy buena app!! aparte de la portabilidad de  estar hecha en Air! genial!	I personally prefer using Tweetie when on my mac   But I love using TweetDeck on my iPod!	Most useful Twitter app because it has so many options   searches  directory  customized columns and more  Only thing lacking: ability to schedule tweets	Such a space hog! Twhirl at least sits in the corner all nice and tight  TweetDeck has nice functionality but I hate that I need a whole monitor dedicated to it	like captain kirk on the flight deck!	I wasnt a big fan of Twitter until I started using TweetDeck	Gives a better overview over your Tweets than Twitter does	If social networking and twitter are your thing  TweetDeck is the best application for you  The best in its class	Yah I mean Ive tried it but its to I dont weird for me with odd funcations that dont seem to have a real place kind of a mess but still a bit worth while	I love it I stay on it the whole time Im online  You dont have to use the web and have a tab open to keep up with Tweets	the best twitter client!!!	I am just learning to tweet   Great App	only downside is Adobe Air	my always online program	Amazing app! I use it all the time!	Still my go to when looking for all round functionality  Some are catching it up (Seesmic!) but not quite there yet	really useful  better than the twitter website  i can @reply  retweet and even comment on my friends facebook status	Customizable and has many functions like uploading to TwitPic straight from the app	No StudiVZ  but a good application	Of the Twitter apps Ive tried  I like this one the most  Great features  Runs great on Mac and on my iPhone	Good app  havent found anything better but havent look either as Im happy with it  Id recommend it	easy to use and keep up with my fav tweeps like @jansimpson @obama @oprah	Multiple Twitter accounts  Facebook  LinkedIn  many options of organizing   perfect! I just have it open all day in the background as a window to my friends	a mainstay twitter app that keeps getting better and better  would love to see more multi user management tools like tasking  notes  etc	Just starting out with tweetdeck	Aplicativo muito bom para quem usa muito o Twitter  inclusive profissionalmente  Recomendo	It is the way one cant be stumped when one is on a good wicket	Pretty good twitter desktop app  Love it	Very good Twitter app for Linux and Windows	An excellent Twitter App only let down by the fact it runs on the AiR platform which is terrible	I like tweetie better for both iphone and mac   Tweetdeck just looks dirty	Use it a good amount from the desktop   Posting to FB not always clean resulting in multiple posts	I think tweetdeck rocks it is amazing	Cant make my mind up some times I love it some times I hate it    so for now I will just Like it =)	I wish it supported Korean language  I might use it more then  Otherwise  its a great way to keep up with Twitter  Im glad they support Twitter lists	Its very good  but it uses waaay too  much ram	http://www anchoi8x co cc Hot sexy girl Viet Nam Show hang tu suong  scandal sock 9x	Best client for tweeting  facebooking and get all infos from these services  But they have still to do many things	Couldnt make it work in Ubuntu Linux AMD64  I like the interface but was impossible to install  Its not Adobe AIR  DestroyTwitter works http://bit ly/bkItxi	Use it everyday   normally it works perfectly  but sometimes it can be having a bad day and take forever to load	Its pretty good  Used to use it but using Hootsuite now	I liked it a lot at first  but now I tend to use web based twitter client such as Seesmic web	Awesome  its what i use the most for twitter  awesome integration of bit ly and twitpic	It is an excellent Twitter client for being free but using it as a Facebook client is basically impossible	TweetDeck is AWESOME!  The iPhone/iPod version has some bugs and the Facebook connectivity needs some UI help but other than that    GREAT!	I tried other desktop clients but tweetdecks help & streams made tweeting much more enjoyable	Totally useless   Looses all state information if exited		
336924	Pandora used to provide an excellent service  After using Last FM  Ive come to decide that Pandoras library is far too limited	A extremely useful and enjoyable website that plays songs based on what you like   I love it  couldnt survive without it	Amazing  Just amazing   Make your own personal radio station of only music	An amazing app  Finds all the music you like  You can listen to your friends stations  Totally cool	Brilliant  I found LOTS of new music with this   I just wished it worked outside of the US again  : (	incredible easy to use web app that makes it easy to listen to your favorite types of music all day long	It plays a lot of repeated songs  but its excellent when I dont have my own music with me on hand	make your own station that you can teach	Great way to discover new music  Especially great when used with last FM  with the mashup pandoraFM	Awesome for discovering new music	Its excellent  it really is till they decided not to broadcast any more in Europe    1 year later and they still havent sorted the licensing!	My favorite site to use when I feel like discovering awesome new music	Loved it till they closed the service for users outside the US	the BEST   and only one I know of where you can put in a SONG not just an artist	Only available in the US   what about the rest of the world	Rumour has it that there is a world outside of the USA	I love Pandora  Adore it  Its sad that it doesnt seem to work outside the US anymore  because it is awesome	Pandora is okay  but  IMO  it doesnt play good songs from artists and repeats tracks too much  Stations burn out fast  I prefer Slacker Radio (www slacker com)	its only a US thing so why should we care ?	use it all the time on my pc and iphone   great variety of music to fit any mood	i listen to pandora at work  :D	Its not available in Canada! :( :(	Last fm is better  But Pandora would be in 2nd place:	Seb turned me on to Pandora	Loving the new Pandora ONE   Nice desktop app   Pop up window displaying each song is a great addition	Amazing recommendations  nice and simple  Blows last fm out of the water  All about the music	A revolutionary way to find and listen to new songs based on the music that you like  Runs slow on my computer  but with 256mb RAM  everything does	Pandora is the best! I have discovered new bands here and I can listen to the groups I already like	Great way to sample new music	Pandora was the original music discovery thing  and its still on a roll	Pandora is what the Internet should be all about  giving each user exactly what they want	Also in my Top 5  Dont like that you can only fast forward so many times  but by creating a new station you can get around that  Great suggestions	One of the best  It has saved me from work on many a day	Being able to design my own radio stations is rad  its nice for getting to know new music in similar genres	i dislike that i can use it in Russia	Helped me rediscover old favorites and discover some new ones  Easy to use and runs smoothly on various browsers	Sucks  Cant use it outside the US  Thats as lame as Hulu	I never would have found some of the bands I now call my favorites without this site	its simply amazing except for the part that you only get 40 hours a month for free  i blow out the 42 hours in less then 4 days	itz reealy cool  u can just relax while on it	Its a great way to listen to music youre pretty certain youll like  but there can be a lot of restrictions if you arent signed up	Love it & love it more now that theres a Blackberry app for it	I like the interface on Last Fm way better  Pandora has to many interuptions  Last Fm has a nice media Layout	I like Pandora  but the free accounts are annoying	awesome free app   everyone needs this if you have an iPhone/iPod touch	But the whole music thing is such a commodity  There are a zillion ways to be close to music  but the quality of music being put out leaves much to be desired :	Its a great way to mix any combinations of music and not get bored with hearing the same thing day in  day out  Buy the service and go commecial free	Awesome   Better than last fm?  I dunno  too close to say	Last fm is too random especially on a mobile device  Their selection is too limited AND Last fm does not stay within your desired genre very well	The best music site on the web!	Great music site!	I love Pandora Radio its the best!!!!	I somewhat like Pandora radio  but I was referred here from Avatar Pandora  lol	Best app ever! I love Pandora  Its the best!!!	Genius  How did I ever get my all night research papers done without this?	I use it daily :)	I prefer last fm for its ability to bring in information (plays  hearts  etc ) from other services  but Pandora is good too	Pandora has been going strong for several years and is still one of the best internet apps ever! Love Pandora!!		
336802	The best Twitter app for the iPhone/iTouch  Location awareness  auto upload to twit pic  url shortening  and a blazingly fast user interface	Tweetie is the best iPhone Twitter client available today  Well worth the cup of coffee price	So far so good  Best money I have spent at the app store thus far	A dead simple app with the perfect features  A must buy for all iPhone using  Twitter loving geeks	I co sign  Tweetie is a pretty sweep app; its the one I use on my iPhone	Thought Id try it now theyve finally de uglied it  seeing as Tweetsville has been all but abandoned  Great app  I love replying straight from the timeline	The best twitter app for the iPhone	A really useful and user friendly Twitter app for the iPhone   Its loaded with features  and is an essential app to any Twitterholic	By far the BEST Twitter iPhone app and the updates keep makeing it better  Ps  Im glad to see some iPhone apps on here	Great iPhone app for Twitter!	This is a great app that is useful for its ability to tweet and to leverage the geo location ability of the iphone  I use it instead of any of the other apps	Best Twitter app for the iphone  period!	Tweetie is my favorite Twitter app for the iPhone  It loads quickly and the interface looks great  Im hoping the next update supports groups	The best iPhone app keeps getting better  as further updates add more and better features   Love it	I switch between this and Twitterfon when Im mobile	Right now tweetie is leading twitterfon for my twitter use when I go mobile	Best iPhone app for Twitter	Actually made me switch from Twitterfon  Much better across the board  Downside is $3 pricetag	Although I wish it had a grouping feature	Prefer this over Twinkle and Twitterfon  even if its a payed app	1 of my fave Twitter apps on iPhone  Worth $3! Also try Twitterfon ($0)	An excellent app  well worth paying for  Its the only way I update when mobile	Best iPhone app period   never thought Id pay for a Twitter app  but Tweetie proved me wrong	The Best Twitter app for the iPhone ever!	Best feature is the multiple accounts option  Great GUI  I use in conjunction with TwitterFon for my main Twitter account as it displays the last 200 tweet	Best twitter client on the iPhone	A favorite especially if you manage multiple accounts	A great app for twittering on your iPhone	The best iPhone Twitter client ever  Well worth the $2 99!	Id pay the sub $5 for tweetie (and Id pay it monthly if needed)  Its great and recommended	By far the best iPhone App for Twitter	The best desktop app for using Twitter  Runs over Adobe Air so you can use it en Windows / Mac / Linux  Unfortunately it has a memory leak   200mb of my RAM now	Best paid app I have! Makes managing multiple accounts simple and painless	First app Ive ever actually paid for   Love that it handles my multiple twitter accounts	My favorite iPhone twitter application and a decent desktop application as well  The desktop application needs a little work but otherwise is a really solid app	This is the best Twitter application app for the iPhone yet! It does a lot for the money! Get it today if you havent already folks!	the best twitter app for iphone   and ive tried pretty much all of them	Easy to use  powerful interface	Amazing   soooo much better than Twitteriffic!	So worth the 3 dollars i paid for it	I have been quite happy with this App & am currently using it day by day!	In my opinion the best Twitter client for iPhone	Tweeties currently the best Twitter client for the iPhone  Its feature rich  well designed  and frequently updated	Tweetie meets my needs to tweet   this app made me realized that I could leave Twinkle	Add blip fm and It will be loved by me	Great iPhone app for keeping track of DMs  RTs and more! Easy to use on multiple accounts	Best Twitter app for iPhone so far	Started using this over Twitterfon  and I love it  Awesome application   a must hve for iPhone twitter users	Better than other Twitter apps Ive tried  but I havent really pushed it yet  Only 1 account and dont use the favorites feature	My current twitter app for my iphone!	Simple to use  amazing UI  tons of features and multiple accounts!	lots of new twitter clients coming out  liked this one the best	the bar is still low for twitter apps on iphone  but this is better than twitterfon	Best Twitter iPhone app going !	Hands down  the best Twitter app on the iPhone  Full featured	one of the best twitters apps imo	best iphone twitter app by far  sad they couldnt follow their success on the iphone with a great mac application!	Best full featured Twitter app for on the go tweets   Too bad Tweetie for Mac didnt live up to my expectations	I use the Tweetie application for my iPhone   quick  light and easy	Surely the best iPhone Twitter app   easy to use and really straightforward to flick between accounts	Simple API  inexpensive and all you really need  Tried Twitteriffic too  but this ended up being my ultimate go to for managing four twitter accounts on the go	Simply cannot compare to Twittelator Pro or Twitterific Premium on the iPhone  Awful UI  limited features	For $2 99 you cant beat it   Love that I can manage multiple accounts and can save to Instapaper	Its my favorite Twitter client!  But Im going to try out TweetDeck: http://bit ly/6jm6i	replaced all my other twitter apps :)	Im a raving Tweetie fan  SIX stars    except since theyve gone a bit defunct with the Twitpocalypse  Is there a fix? Im trying TweetDeck for iPhone now!	Simple  effective and gorgeous  What else would you want?	Ive used it for quite a while  Could use some updates and improvements now  but has been a pack leader for a while  Love it	Absolutely amazing app  easily the best iPhone Twitter app!	Tweetie is better than the Tweetdeck iPhone app  Fact	Best Twitter app for the iPhone	Love it  Best Twitter app for the iPhone	So far the best twitter app for iphone	Tweetie is easy to use  full of function and fast ;))	I prefer tweetdecks interface  but tweetie is the twitter iphone app i can count on	probando www blippr com	clean  simple and straight to the point	Been using Tweetie for a couple of months and very happy with it  especially when using the Dark Theme to save battery	great app in your iphone  I use it a lot!	Would like to see landscape mode!	I use the best Twitter client for my computer (Tweetie for Mac)  so I have to have the same for my iPod  Really simple app that has all of the features you need	i use twitter everywhere everytime	Its good  but im not a big twitter person    not any of my friends use it	Greate  like Tweetie for Mac	Tweetie is great  Even the free version is okay  youll just receve some ads  but nothing too boring!	Its fast   My one issue that I NEED is groups	Tweetie for iPhone is the bestest Twitter app everrrr! The interface is so sleek and easy to use!	The best application for Iphone by now    but waiting for Hootsuite Iphone app	I always have Twitter on the go  when out and needs the Twitter world to know what Im doing  Rarely  but I can do it	I like it  I dont love it like most do	Ive been through a few twitapps for iphone  this is a keeper  Simple  straightforward  It works	Tweetie is by far the best iPhone Twitter app out there  It has great updates released regularly and a very easy to is UI	I have various accounts and tweetie is a great help	I love tweetie for iphone   tried the rest  but keep coming back	very  very good  My default app for twitter on the iPod	One of the best iPhone/iPod Touch Twitter apps out there  totally recommend this!	I guess I should say that tweetie 2 is better but its kinda the same thing so this also rocks!	smart  with it  fun and so simple  beautiful	The best Twitter app for iPhone!	Best paid twitter app there is! Nice UI and there are no faults for me	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	king of twitter clients on iphone  even handles those bubble tweet vids	Probably the best twitter client for the iPhone  Great UI	Pretty much my favorite twitting platform		
393963	Best art community on the web	Good for photoshop resources	d mst awesum syte for art eva	Enormous collection of digital art  visiting it for years now	Ignore the kids  and social wannabes and this site rocks  I share my own stuff	Prefer this over Flickr any day :D gives a huge sense of community	Great site to find true art by many talented artists around the world	Its just amazing for the artist  but gets too scarily  if you ever try to conpeat with others  through my favesite ever  they are incredible	wow  habitatku  keindahan dapat ditemukan disini	DeviantArt com is poorly managed by admins  who allow & encourage their members to mock; harass & stalk individuals  who either blocked them or critiqued them		
336922	Recently discovered Virb & must say Im very impressed  Its very classy  Its like a posh souped up Tumblr	I havent gone there but a few times  but I cant do anything but give the design a solid love it!	I really wish I had more reason to use virb  The design interface is simply beautiful and elegant	I love Virb  but I cant get anyone to abandon Facebook for it :/	It is like Facebook  Flickr  Tumblr and Twitter together	Kicks MyWasteOfSpace in the pants	Sweet  twitter got blocked on my school pc  so this will be quite good for now =D	This is really REALLY good	Virb com was good but what happened to the page design? Its kind of lame now almost like FB just    plain  no personalization	Its awesome  but for some reason I love Tumblr waayy more	 Check out my new profile    Ive made a few changes recently and wanted to get in touch and let you know  When you get a chance  send me an update  It would b		
337338	Such a simple site  but potentially a really useful one  Its great being able to find people with similar interests  and its easy to add yourself to the list	Very easy and useful  I love how simple it is to find people	Pretty useful Twitter directory	An easy way to find people based on categories  Quick  think of three ways to describe yourself!	good way to find new people on twitter	Nice to have  easy to use	rah rah rad	great tool and well maintained	Still trying to work out what I am doing! But i think i like!		
390459	The best web client for twitter :)	twitters other dimension    just the perfect tool for twitterholics	Extended version of twitter (tags  groups  etc)	A cool new extension of twitter with some interesting features  such as groups  tags and many other goodies  which brings twitting to whole new dimension	very helpful features for twitter users!	I like it and feel that it will be improved in areas where it is not (being in alpha)	bad romance =love love love		
384125	Where movies go head to head & you decide which is best  Their ranking system then lists your favourite films of all time depending on how you voted  Addictive	its our site  and yes  we enjoy it greatly  :)	Voting on movies is a no brainer  Already addicted and struggle to pull myself away  Cant imagine when the site is enhanced and more movies are added	After of 32 000 rankings of over 3 000 titles I am still addicted  Damn I love this site	Put quite simply  Flickchart rocks	Over 16 000 rankings from me       Yeah  that speaks for itself  Lol	Its pretty addictive  I was surprised		
338428	Keep track of all websites you use Make your profile page  website  signi 4 email + more  ex  http://sn im/i0tfd & http://sn im/where2findron	online biz card	good integration of all in one services	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is		
337465	My favourite social bookmarking tool  Archives pages  full text search of pages  annotation features  The best !	the BEST Social Bookmarking site i ever used  i m quite obsessed about it :)	BEST social bookmarking site	Gets better every time I use it	I really love this but often forget to use it generally  It really comes into its own during research projects	I really love this bookmarking site  It managed to tear me away from delicious because its just more productive	nice but i prefer google bookmarks	Best bookmarking network with good features	I love it! I use it everyday  it is a terrific resource for new material as well	Diigo is the best research tool/social bookmarking tool/blogging/sharing tool ever!!I am addicted  its the only addon that i have not removed since a long time:	gue bnci arinnnnn!!!!!!!!!	Diigo is the best social bookmarking site way much better then Del icio us	best much much better	Only started using the bookmarking service  but all the social networking integration looks nice   And the chrome extension is great!	thank you very good service I am very	 Check out my new profile    Ive made a few changes recently and wanted to get in touch and let you know  When you get a chance  send me an update  It would b	better than delicious and integrates with it seamlessly	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Better than delicious  and integrates with it seamlessly  Best social bookmarking app that Ive tried	A great tool for personal and professional use	worked for awhile  but the experience was pretty blah  then it quit letting me in	Was one of the first social bookmarking websites I used  There were a lot of good features  but I ended up using delicious more due to work network restrictions	I was skeptical at first  Ive never looked back since  Controling  enriching and sharing my web knowledge has never been so easy and fun  Thank you  Diigo!		
337223	IRL Connect is a visual social network that puts all your Facebook/Twitter friends on a map to communicate and connect  Sense your friends! Invite key: SENSEIT	IRL Connect rocks!   i love seeing where my friends all over the world are	Very cool interface  Shows your Facebook and Twitter users on a map	Very cool application   Ive never seen/used anything like it before! I love how you can virtually travel throughout the world and use multiple services	Now you can broadcast Live video and post pics to IRLConnect com and it shows up at your geo location  super cool!	Nice work IRL!	Perfect place to meet old and new friends! :)	Coming along  but IRL Connect needs to use the Twitter Oauth to login (instead of asking for the actual passwords)	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is		
337100	Great lightweight app	VLC is a nice media player that plays anything right out of the box   This is pretty much all I use now since I dont have to worry about finding codecs	Use this to play DVDs  very simple and useful	I use iTunes for organising my music and videos  but if Im just playing something I use VLC  Simple but powerful app	I f***ing love this one  It comes with lot of codecs	the best media player available	VLC will play practically any video format you throw at it  Its just awesome like that	Plays absolutely everything  Unless you need an overwrought piece of garbage that must search for a hundred codecs (Ahem  WMP?) VLC is for you	Cool media player	Fantastic tool! No need to download multiple codecs anymore	Great music player lightweight and simple	Plays everything and recently added last fm support	Best media player  ever!	Simply the best media player!	Plays pretty much anything  great for dodgy porn clips haha!	Plays almost everything without the need for codecs and stuff	No need to install media codec packs and stuff  this is the only media player you need	Definitely the best media player for video in any format  I use it on Windows as well as #linux  #opensource rules!	want to play most if noi all media this ie one of 4 great must have apps	1 0 has cool features :)	By far the best and most versatile media player Ive ever come across	Very cool  especially avoids need for Real Audio and other crappy players	The most versatile media player   and its free	Plays just about any video!	One of the most powerful media players I have ever used	Windows media player begone!	I love it in the fact that is that is a open source media player   which is rare	I luv to watch vdos in VLC	Great video player that can play almost any format	Great for playing weird formats  It unfortunately doesnt have a library to organize my media in so I use Rhythmbox for the most part instead	simple with amazing function	Its kind of ugly   but it will play just about everything  Bravo!	Muy buen reproductor de videos!	It can play any sort of anime   i usually use it when i download anime from http://www nihonomaru com/	Best video player for Ubuntu that Ive found	Playlisting need help    other than that nothing is wrong  There is a reason vlc is the only media player I ever use	Clean and easy to use  My favo mediaplayer	Not only the player  but the libraries that were developed by the VLC team make this an incredible valuable project	Great application It plays almost all video formats Vlc is my main video player choice	better than anything  it even can play your videos in ascII form!	This is the video player to get  It plays just about everything	As the Franks Hot Sauce Lady says: I put that ~blip~ on everything  VLC Rocks!	It works  Hate the cones though	excellent media player	This is the best meida player ever! He can play all the medias with a excellent graphic	Really good player  better than Quicktime in my opinion	the best practice tool	A choice chance to play varously videos medias	the best tool of practice	d best mdia plyr wid latest kodecs & the bst feature is its capacity to amplify volume up to 400%	The BEST MEDIA PLAYER	Plays every fucking thing	Useful backup for when Quicktime doesnt cut it on a mac  Doesnt have the same sort of integration  though	DVD playing software of choice  Plays anything you can throw at it	+ doesnt need external codes + good for streaming   ugly interface   illogical  non intuitive menus   slow start up   freezes a lot (at least in my case)	just a few codec issues  other than that it is great	This app will play Quicktime  Windows Mediaplayer  etc   and does a better job   I love it!	A very useful Linux and Windows application  Free Software	Has some minor flaws but IMO the best video player	works AWESOME with handbreak to rip dvds	The Pycl Rating Score:   5   cant live without it 4   strong emotional engagement felt  3   on the fence 2   almost crap 1   absolute time waste  Score: 4	I use it and I really like it  :)	love its codecs   can virtually play any format!	It plays almost every media type out there  great open source player for all platforms!	Name it  VLC plays it  Minor quibble: could use some pretty fying  interface wise	Its a great video player  Fast and easy to use	Its lightweight and it can play anything  including corrupted files and moderately scratched DVDs	The best multimedia player	Great! use it on my mac all the time!	great video player in my computer	best player for all platforms  worth a nobel price	Plays all different files!	Quite simply THE BEST		
556303	An excellent web host service that offers the personal touch UCVHOST  willing to assist me over and over again with even the smallest request  I have not had on	Earlier I allowed  my clients to choose their own hosting company for sites I built  This was a major headache due to ftp issues  lack of control panel options	Ucvhost is awesome  I have had no downtime  Tech support really quick  They always answer their phone  No press one for this  2 for that  etc	Excellent webhosting company  uptime 100%  fast support team  fast servers  Cpanel  price is higher than other companies  but because they are EXCELLENT  I wou	Ucvhost worked with me to answer all of my questions pre sale  Ucvhost service and customer support is beyond any expectations These guys are rocking	I love UCVHOST with web hosting needs would and should feel 100% comfortable relying on UCVHOST	Have half a dozen sites hosted on UCVHOST for over 5 years   After trying other which gave poor to fair service  I found UCVHOST is having nice service	Id like to voice my appreciation to your Support Staff  Almost all the time the answers come fast and on target and in a friendly manner  Ucvhost rocks	TO THE UCVHOST COM:  I WANT MY MONEY BACK i bought vps lite from you but it is very very slow  ip is 174 36 167 86  nothing can be done it  i have anothe	 There can not be a better company to host your website other  than UCVHOST  The customer service is prompt  UCVHOST ROCKS!!		
337462	I use Twitterfon all the time for posting on the go   Its the best twitter client for the iPhone/Touch platform   Definitely worth the free download!	By far the best iPhone twitter client  and to top it all off  its free!	Simply the Best Twitter Application for the iPhone	The only one I use  Best free client out there	Liking the last 200 Tweets display  but wish there was a multiple accounts ooption  Easy to use and FREE!	Uno de los que mas desgasto en el iPhone	Wish it had a My Profile Option  Other than that great Ipod touch tweet free app	Great free twitter client  I recommend this to anyone who has and iPhone/iPod Touch and uses Twitter!	2nd best Twitter app  Tweetie is first  TweetStack is 3rd	Good iPhone Twitter app  close 2perfect  If you use twitterific I would switch 2 Twitterfon   no ads  faster  cleaner and more useful)  The bad   short freezes	Great iPhone tweet app  much better than twitterific in my opinion  New update has just added annoying banner ad display at top of page but is disabled for now	Really like it  I think Tweetie & Twitterrific have the edge tho	The new Twitterfon Pro is the best combination of features & application responsiveness  with an excellent & easy to use layout  Definitely worth the $5 00!	Is it possible to download this without using iTunes?	My favourite free twitter app for iPhone/iPod touch  Easy to use and simple design	One of my favorite Twitter apps  alongside Twitterific	I used to use this  Its really good  It has everything important  its free and its very stable  But Im using Tweetie now because of full screen twitpics	Cluttered  lack of organisation and impossible to customise with different views/filters  Tweetdeck is a much better alternative	does what it says on the tin	Easy twitter updates from my iPhone   because whats Twitter if you cant tweet on the go?	the newest is great: post photos  etc  clean and fast  and free!	Good  but prefer to use Twitter directly on the mobile	Does a fair job  but not as well as others like tweetie	Twitterfone is one of my favorite free twitter apps besides tweetdeck  I still find myself just using twitterfone for some reason  Maybe because I just LOVE it!	After over a month Im still using the free version of Twitterfon  Its quick and stable  does everything I need  and the ads arent intrusive  Why pay more?	Its a great app  but again  Ill reemphasize that Im not a big twitter person	i like it; on both iphone especially new version: Echofon  VERY CLEAN and readable on small screen	nice app  simple way to connecting with twitter	tweetie 2 is the best client out there   end of story   if you dont like tweetie though then twitterfon also works   PS its called echofon now	Yes Twitterfon is very nice but I do prefer Tweetie 2	Best twitter client for iPhone	I use this to update and review all of the my tweets   has worked well for me so far	i use this it  i wish Japanese version!		
337581	Use it to save web finds & thoughts	I know its made by Google but I think that even Wordpress beats it (Im not a big fan of Wordpress)  Tumblr is my platform of choice	love blogger  http://togetherseparated blogspot com	Great features  hah	I use Blogger as my current platform of choice  though WordPress seems popular and flexible	Anyone know How I can add a blog to my website www potgieterfamily co za	Its the most simplest and easy to use blogging platform  Also there is so much more a non designer  non technical person can do with blogger than others	Blogger is by far the best for casual users	I Am   The Star That Would Be God !  http://thestarthatwouldbegod blogspot com/ and more   google Roya Dayspring	Fun to use   Mainly for personal projects and to establish/extend a web presence	I use it daily :)	Dear Beloved   My name is Corporal Mary Ann MacCombie(E 4)  I am an American soldier with Swiss background  serving in the military with the army 3rd infantr	Its awesome   Much better than Wordpress	Just another blogging service	hanya menyukai  masih banyak yang perlu ditingkatkan lagi	with the new templates (and most likely will expand in the near future) I do give it a 9+		
471772	Nicole Kidman starred in this movie I loved it	Luv Kidman + Jackman=]	nice people and lots of potential  easy living land of opportunity  a bit empty tho  a bit corrupt  a little racist  a little bland  not enough choice  great to	Most laid back country in the world  Everyone is your mate and you can start a conversation with anyone just by saying Gday  Also beautiful diverse geography!!	i like to live in australia and  get some friends by this networking	Beautiful country  great pace of life		
348225	I LOVE Apple  but I think they missed the mark here  Tried it  Didnt care for it	Im really enjoying this service  I have no business email & stuff so this is exactly for me  & now when it has Find my iPhone service I like it just more:)	Keeps my Macs  iPhone  email and photos all organized and in sync	Only gripe I have is that I cant provide direct links to files in my idisk public folder  this would be a great feature for various forms of social media	MobilMe service doesnt offer server side emails filtering and is there for useless in my case	its not bad better than yahoo	i love find my iphone   it helps to locate stolen iphone like this url mentioned  www hubpages com/hub/Lost your iPhone Use Apple MobileMe to Find My iPhone	I dont get why anyone would use mobileme  You can get better/cheaper with google  yahoo  or dropbox  or live  Find my iphone is a dud	It costs too much  Gosh  Id rather use Google Apps or Windows Live Admin Center (which I use both) instead	Its really worth the money  I like the synchronization between my two macs and my iPhone	I cant be without it! Publishing photos is incredible!		
393174	Its definitely more impressive than originally thought  but layout and ui is in need of some improvement	UI looks ugly and it consistently returns worse results than Google	Set it to my default a while ago to check it out  Have to frequently go back to Google to get the answers I need	Its useless to compete with google  And I dont want to search microsofts filtered web	love the interface and enhanced technology	good pictures  bad results	Video  price  and image search a good  but Google still gives the best results when looking for regular websites	How different IS it from Live Search? Answer: NOT ENOUGH	The photographs with info blurbs are amazingly compelling  and the search works well enough for me	The accuracy of its results give Google a bit of a run for its money	Finally  a credible challenge to Google	Very good one :) Comparable to Google  Better than Google in some areas	I dont find much difference from live search and i do not like the interface	I really dont see the point of the name Bing! So far I really dont see anything that would make me shift from Google  Sorry Bill!	Its cool  But need to get better	The maps is better than Google and the search results are quick and exactly what you are looking for	Love the home page  especially	Doesnt do anything apart from being a site with a search bar and a pretty picture  Ive seen many free domains with more info than that	My default search engine  Love the daily pictures too	Why bother switching to a new search engine?	i like all the tools that it provides  but i still think google is more accurate	Its ok but you dont have an icon for ok  :)  Dont see a compelling reason to switch from Google	Currently less skewed by SEO companies  fewer bad  irrelevant returns than Google	A little crowded and not as clean as Google  but results are equal w/ G & well organized!	Much better than live com  worth trying	Please dont even get me started on how much Bing needs to diminish from all of cyberspace   Google  > FTW	Been dying for something to come and better Google and Bing seems to have done it  Fantastic interface with results on par  Love it!	I like the decision engine idea  and I like to see some competition in the search field	Its a really promising product  it has potential  Competition is always good for the end user	The results are better than Google in English  but I still prefer Google in French  As I search more in English than in French  I switched to Bing  though	Google quality for search results  better interface for some type of search  Lacking on internationalization	very nice search engine  Im very impressed Ive never tought I will let down google	yahoo made the biggest mistake of all times	Wouldnt change from Google  but it was a good search engine	I love Bing   It almost always returns results on par with Google  and the image / video search is superior   The homepage image is almost always beautiful!	Refreshingly good  Doubt it will ever replace Google  but boy do I want it to!	A simple renaming of Windows Live Search to something much less likable	Its a good thing bing is there now  atleast folks at google wont slack off  Good for the consumer	How many new search engine names is that now  Microsoft?	I want to make love to it	Bing isnt bad   it excels in its handling of video	starts off with great pictures on home page  honestly there isnt enough difference from google search as ive seen for me to make a switch yet google vs bing com	OK so its like Google  Not a reason to hate it necessarily	Ive given it a fair chance and google was always better	Very solid  but can it really beat Google?	Fuck off microsoft you innovation stifling money grabbing scrooges  Dont you have better things to do? Like fix bugs in your terrible software (windows etc)	I dont love it yet but its a nice interface   Ill try it out   I only use Google because its the best  if this is better Ill use it	So how many attempted search engines does this make it? Just give up Microsoft  Besides  to bing something just sounds innappropriate	    made in redmond   sorry  no chance	the image search is better than google	I like it  Period  just like it	Changing their name didnt nearly make them as good as Google will always be	not google (or even yahoo) but prettier than before	Smells too much like Micro$ucks	One thing  PLEASE MAKE YOUR LOGO BETTER!!!!  I love the pic of the day   And microsoft doesnt $uck  Theyre richer than u would be if you lived a million years	Have been using it daily from the day of launch  Love it!	i thing is a really good tool	totally sick of hearing about bing giving google a run for its money   my search instinct remains google not bing	google beats all  bing is NOTHING special	Another disgusting Microsoft product  Microsoft cant take the monopoly in another area  Boycott this!	Google made search vanish into the background  If youre a masochist  Bing can make it painful all over again	its visual is quite interesting    :)	Just did 250 searches (over 11 days) with Bing and Google  Bing got what I was looking for in the first five 221 times  Google 203	another useless thing microsoft created in order to try to win (or should i say bribe?) users to come back to microsoft products	Bing is an intelligent and accurate search engine capable of providing more precise results than its leading competitors  Microsoft scored big on this one	Bing is from Microsoft /end	Unnecessary and redundant   Google gets the job done  so why change?	Attempting to give it benefit of the doubt  but seems like it is losing  Google FTW	Taking my love of Google out of the equation  Bing is a great search engine   Definitely going to put a dent in Google	I dont want Google to decide for me! If you need the search engine to decide for you then what do you think you are searching?	It doesnt take days to get listed in bing unlike google	Rarely have to go beyond the first result in Google  Have to do it regularly with Bing	Google is the BEST  bing is just a try from microsoft to get back some attention after theyve LOST all the attention due their BAD windows versions!!!	Love Bing  love love love  Beats Google any day	many options and services  great start webpages and  most importantly  better results than google most of time	never like Microzeft! zeft is the shit in Arabic	its an awesome platform! http://www freethings4u co cc/	Really like Bing  Googles UI is from the dark ages of dial up  Bing is better	Loved the UI The images in the background looks good	Great search engine and feedback   much better looking than its competitors	facial mask green clay smectite   :exelent product wwwterrageena com	Pointless piece of crap	Tried it  UI is too cluttered for my taste	Map is more than 3 years out of date  Our street isnt on it  Googles is out of date  too  but at least it has the street!	Interface is very good  Better than Google  Search results are good  But still can be improved  Even i like the changing backgrounds  Map quality is good	Excellent UI  Needs to improve the results	no different than other search engines	The only thing that maters with a search engine is the quality if the results it returns period  This may look pretty but whats the point if you cant find stuf	The shopping search and cashback feature are great	Better than Google! Love the way Images are displayed and Birds Eye view on Bing Maps is great! :D	Tried it  The big features of the site Google already has or is useless to me  Several feature also require IE which doesnt exist in Linux	This was the first time Ive tried it  and I like it  It displays the content of the website much better than Google does	Search results as good or better than Google  and a much more attractive interface!	UI is too busy and it isnt as good for more technical stuff as Google  Googles pretty much tailored to my needs at the moment and keeps getting better	WAY too busy  i like googles clean ui	Really cool interface and cool silverlight intergration for visual search	Even though I prefer Google  Bing still has some good ideas that make it okay	Lumayan  aku suka	the first real rival to google that weve seen	Rent me for the superboule 786 487=2225  4 bed 2 bath	Not better or different enough than Google to care about  Insignificant in almost every way	I have used both and i like Bing a lot  It will not replace google for me soon however i thought why change from yahoo to google and i did  so who knows	+ very good image search   not real competition for Google	They skew search results to decide what they want you to see	Awesome search engine	A huge competition to Google   Only a matter of time before it gains large market share   Deffinetly the next generation of search!	very great engine and many times more useful than Googles cluster of a joke	Maybe Im just too used to Google search  but I really dont find this search engine very accurate to the things I am looking for	Its awesome! Love its images and video search!	I continue dislikeing live search  Oh dear! It has a different name! The biggest investment in search    Gods sake	its awesome   i love it     i dont like google any more    and it sucks !   bing rocks	With Bing I dont find the things Im looking for	Bing looks nice but needs better results	its microsoft so i dislike it on principle	Why using Bing when there is Google?  Couldnt find advantages over Google SE  except maybe images search results interface	Wow Bing    Where did you learn relevancy?	The only thing thats different is the looks  and I dont like them at all  The boxes they put on the picture on the home page are enough to make me hate it	I like how they put a new picture on their homepage every day	Good ideas like working together with wolfram alpha  But Google has just more know how	it isnt @Google but hey its trying	MS makes some solid  very useful apps like Windows and Office  and has made innovations in spite of what some people say  Apple = the new evil giant :P	cool image search!!	Looks pretty  pretty much same search results as google although its not on any platforms stock		
409143	Googles social networking site just isnt up to scratch! Cant compete	Orkut is a joke  Seems to have declined even further since Google brought it in house	i like it and this the window for the world	Trust is make trust	Too much scams and dumb people	i love it                                  i like it                                    i like it very much                             i love it with my heart	it is a complete mess     watch out for special characters in names    and also viruses     poor google	Iike asmuch I like me aravind	I just prefer Facebook and Myspace because more friends use those than orkut	orkut is online community designed to make social life more active	orkut is online fantastic	its a web on which we get everything and makes our lifes more active  its fantastic site	tidak suka ini  sama dengan friendster		
393736	I tried a lot of notepad programs  this one is the best  And it is free  Cant think of living without the macro function anymore	Simple yet great text editor for developers	best to edit any computer language code	editor teks yang hebat		
337336	Mint saves my life  financially	Its a great idea  and good execution  If only it worked all the time	I use this service and I love the ease of use and how you can setup your alerts and helps you with setting up a budget	Great way to manage budgets and keep track of ALL your assets and finances	Love Mint!  Super easy and a great way to keep your finger on the pulse of your finances	just signed up for mint com it looks pretty damn cool  :D	it will not support my bank and i have emailed support about 100 times without any avail   i would LOVE it if it worked	Doesnt work in Canada	Ive used it for a few months   Its a great program for keeping track of finances	It has the best design of all time  No other website even comes close to it in terms of freshness and simplicity	awesome iphone app	Mint reveals a disturbing trend: I buy as much fastfood as groceries  ugh	great service for seeing where my money goes  and the spiffy interface makes doing finances about as happy as it can get	bleh  doesnt work in Canada	Service in Canada (and abroad) is long overdue	Great money management tool for the every person  Manage your finances through the web or through your iPhone	If only they had an Android app Id up my affections to love  Come on  Mint! I need your fiscal wisdom!	WOW! One of the best  if not THE BEST  web apps on the market	great site! it puts all of my finances into perspective  now i wish i had more money invested	Ill ashamedly admit to never really using finance software before Mint  but Mint made it easy and useful enough that I have no excuse not to	Checking mint out right now  looks like a great place to be  hmmmmm	First  its very secure  It automatically tracks my deposits  401(k) and catagorizes my checks  too	Great tool for someone who may not need a Quickens or other home accounting programs   Helps you manage you	Super easy to use  Good design  only if it worked right all the time	But im not an adult  so I dont have to worry about finances :D	Easiest financial tool you can use  Now I know where I stand financially  Its all clear	crazy in love with mint  helps with your financial BS  must try	I have been using it for a couple of hours and so far I like it		
386896	i freakin LOVE identi ca  its stable  fun  free  open source  and you can install it on your own web server  twitter killer HANDS DOWN!	Open source microblogging  exactly what I want  Everything FOSS	Identi ca totally rocks! Its much better than twitter and its FOSS  What more could you ask for?	I use Identi ca as a alternate source for Twitter	Its the only good microblogging platform there is	That makes microbloging useful	From the Open Source  Thats good enough	Better than Twitter  and integrates seamlessly with it  (I update Twitter from Identica ) Plus  its open source	Great  They are open source  Thats what makes them great	Identi ca is the flagship StatusNet site  Its open source microblogging  and it is awesome	Every feature of Twitter plus threaded converations  groups  and so much more   Plus  its open source		
337694	Online service to share your travels with people you know  Nice app	A cool sight for keeping a log of trips   a bit of a learning curve to use   Im still learning about how to use it  but so far I like what Ive seen	perfect! i love the feature of adding places in different cities	couldnt add trips from email confirmations from BA  days when I manually capture data are over  needs to catchup with TripIt and Worldmate & Ill try again		
337690	Clean  easy and interesting results about how my future looks like!	Useful  easy in use  improving every day!! The best choice to know the future!	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Getting better with time	http://www anchoi8x co cc Hot sexy girl Viet Nam Show hang tu suong  scandal sock 9x		
392214	Neat new way to find the most popular Twitpics on Twitter	This is awesome  We can finally see the week (or a single day) in pictures from everyday people with ease	Try Twitcaps (http://twitcaps com) for more functionality and better interface	Twicsy is a very convenient way to peruse Twitpics	Good idea but alas  all you really learn is that Smiley Virus (Miley Cyrus) is popular with the kids!	I love it like its my child	I use it daily :)	Conhecendo o Twicsy vamos ver se  bom mesmo		
336902	With the amount of downloadable music available  its amazing that its free  I cant wait for TTR2 to be released in the next couple of weeks  Awesome game	I had it ever since it was a jailbroken app  Its great but the only downside is the music	Great iPhone app  espescially playing with friends !	When youre bored in class ! xD	tap tap is the best game in the world	Tap tap R 2       SO MUCH BETTER!	One of the best apps in the history of apps in the App Store! Used to be free  but I would pay for this if I could again!		
338412	twice as fast as Photoshop for designing a website	Simple to use and powerful   Fireworks makes working on website templates easy as pie  allowing for creativity to take the drivers seat	I hate Adobe  but Fireworks came from Macromedia  Simple but powerful  You can have to make little and big tasks	CS 3 ist perfect for designing websites but CS 4 sucks badly! The problem ist that CS 4 does not render the fonts like they will be shown in the browsers! FAIL!	A simple web design editing software  Not only that you can use it to quickly edit and crop images  Fast start up and very easy to use		
510490	Somethingsphishy Best online place for healthy beautiful fish  Somethingsphishy com has fast professional shipping with the lowest prices  Somethingsphishy AAAA	Somethingsphishy I had 2 orders from them both with 1 dead fish of three  Very nasty;refused any refund even though I complied with their guarantee AVOID THEM	www Somethingsphishy Top Quality fish every Time!! Somethingsphishy has sold me over 100 fish in the past 5 years  Their customerservice is excellent best site!	Healthy  Stunning Beautiful fish! I highly recommend this site   Somethingsphishy ROCKS!!		
337315	Great user interface  and incredibly useful tool for Firefox  Imported user commands are currently a bit of a security risk  at the moment	This is the future of how I hope to use the browser  I cant wait for it to mature into beta	I know it is an extension for Firefox instead of its own app but it really adds to my productivity	Ubiquity has enormous potential  if my broadband was faster and more reliable I would use it a lot more  sometimes I forget it is there though!	So nifty to be able to execute commands from your browser	Pretty cool but I couldnt get into it   Im keeping an eye on it though  : )	its amazing  i believe it will be hotter	its really great  and much more !!	Best Firefox addon  Has a command for everything (sending mail  finding maps  Twittering  searching the Wikipedia etc)		
337203	Since i found the watch there i have been looking for   Love the way it looks  moves and tweets about stuff	sfeed is like a box of chocolate!	Perfect solution to handle my stuff I love and discover more what I probably like	Best site to discover new stuff	I love the way you can combine clothes into sets	Exquisite site for networking your loot and finding great stuff	wow  theyr Brainpower just suggested me the NAS box i have been missing for my    erm  documents :)	Coolest app after gmail! OK  lets sfeed some stuff now :)	Simplicity and fun     meet your own kind of people there       Marko	Ive been using sfeed for a while and I really love it! The stuff Ive found through sfeed    :P	nice place to find the coolest gadgets on the market	very useful + fancy interface	Cool stuff extraordinary circumstances	i just love it! an interesting way to express your creativity  share your interests and connect with nice people :)	Nice new app to organize my online shopping    Looks good and is userfriendly	its very easy to find interesting stuff  i really like that stuff	great  amazing! :)	I love it! Dont know why really  it feel cozy!	Looks really good! I like the interface!	Its cool how their brainpower feature gave me back stuff i might like and was quite accurate at that	story of stuff just got better  hope that it will go big!	Great stuff! Love the whole logic of the page and that sfeed does my shopping for me as it easily finds stuff I like	Nice site for shoppers	Looks good  easy to use  Helps me to find and combine thing i like the most  Thanks guys!	new and interesting  waiting for more features	Brainpower! I just discovered I am not alone :D	Its cool to create your own sets of stuff	sfeed is awesome! Warning! You can get addicted	Probably nr 1 site for your shopping lists	Not my kind of thing but its good	It was a good idea  But its poorly executed and doesnt integrate or feed well with other services	need I say more  bing	well designed   outdoes kaboodle	Possibly being quite dense  but how do I filter by gender?	The Ebay sharing service	yes it is good and useful	Being a sophisticated shopper with highly developed gonga deal radar   sfeed com is a shoppers nutrient	Loved sfeed its amazing tool	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is		
337681	Great to have a business microblog site  but Blellow needs to somehow integrate with Twitter   Two logins dont make sense for me	Bleeding edge  baby!	I really love it  Just try it out	This is quite interesting  For freelance designers		
394640	Google Voice is a great service! What makes it even better is having an application that integrates it into my BlackBerry	Google Voice Rocks!  Bringing convenience  flexibility  and control to our often chaotic and overwhelming tangle of communication systems and devices	Yay! Free calling and sms in the US  consolidation of all your phone numbers   and its all for free!	Ive got my sign up but have not used it yet  I do like the idea though  we will see	I cant wait to be able to port my phone number to Google Voice!	My own FREE virtual assistant	Google Voice takes typical Google awesomeness  mixes it with convenience  functionality and ease of use  and gives us a damn fine no holds barred app  Love it	Cant live without it  I am free to give my number out to anyone  It is easy to block anyone I dont want to talk with	Wish I had downloaded the iphone app before apple pulled it!	Really great service and very powerful when you take the time to set it up	Its the best thing to happen to phones since they went wireless	One number for anyone  anytime  anywhere    finally!	I have to admit  it works surprisingly well   Google did an awesome job!  I make almost all calls from the interface now	Well  I like the GV but the voicemail rings much too much and callers lose their patience  waiting	Ive had it since it was Grand Central  Was cool at first but then it just got ignored for Google for so long  I no longer use it for much	Google Voice has some nice features  but it still needs some work  Make it play nice with other phone systems and open source & it will be awesome!	i dont have the opportunity to have it but i really thing is very cool	I called my wife and kids in Japan last night via GV   The connection was not great   There were long pauses and hard to hear   Skype is better for intl calls	Using Google Voice to organize and simplify my personal communications   favorite features are transcription  call routing   oh  and the price   free!	Why bother?  time better spent on other servcies	Great Concept  but not quite there   Tired of clicking on the google app to use my GV number   Needs tighter integration with mobiles   Also needs a softphone	My only issue w/ GV is the voicemail transcription service  It needs some work	I only just got it a week ago; I havent gotten people to call that number yet but I like the voicemail to text feature	This is the best service for FREE!!! Love the VM and the SMS   Even tried to transfer a call to cell  Perfect	I think Google Voice has a lot of potential  For a free beta  it certainly exceeded all my expectations	picked a number so my parents can call me for free!	Free Messaging  Voice mail  cheap international phone calls  Nice G1 App  All for free	It has a great search feature for picking you number!	waiting for my google voice #	Great wish I could get on my iPhone  damn apple I have loved them for years but now they have grown more into pop culture they now have a big ego for problem	I think the service works great  and I like having 1 number for all my phones	Long time user	I LIKE THE                                                                                                                   WEB SITE	I love Google Voice  Some things dont work too well  but I still love it	My new telephone number =)  Free SMS  voicemail handling  voicemail transcripts  record calls  integrates with Google contacts from Gmail  rings multiple phones	its retarted  google is taking over EVERYTHING! wtfff	You have to be invited  Im eager to get an invite		
392588	My friends pop up on all different messaging networks and with this it doesnt matter  Also nice that its multiplatform	Skype and Facebook chat worked easy peasy on my N82  whats not to like?	Brilliant and easy to use  I have it on my Iphone and its user friendliness beats competion hands down	Best when using skype    easy to install and works excellent with my nokia n95	Great people can buzz you on your mobile  without the app even being opened	it helped me a lot during my stay in NY  spoke to my fiance for hours! and shared photos  Thank you Nimbuzz	Loved this app   Keep me in touch with my schoolmates		
338088	This is a great app with well drawn characters and background   I like the hand strength chart that updates as players fold or cards are dealt	This poker site rocks!!! Its not like all the rest   The graphics are cool and the game play is more realistic	I agree  the hand strength chart is a great feature and the graphics are really good  Warning: highly addictive site	This is the best Texas Holdem site i have used  Great Graphics and a table for all skill levels! Overall a great site!	Love the characters and so easy to play   I think I am addicted!	luv the graphics and sound effects  great way to chat with friends and have tons of fun		
393797	Great page for license free images  Pretty cheap  and many  really awesome images	Great place to find pictures	Probably the best resource for stock photography	I have a powerful video that lets you build unlimited leads! watch video now: http://viktoy2k weebly com	Great photos at a completely reasonable price  I always start image searches there	Its the convergence point for anyone in web or graphic design  Super affordable  high quality stock photos  Up yours  GettyImages	i stock! the best for both the buyer and the seller	For buyers or sellers a very nice stock web	iStockphoto is a truly realiable community  They always have something inspiring to share	Good stock for little money : )	istockphoto is owned by Getty! Would recommend other sites like fotolia   just as good	Simply the Best for Photographers and Buyers  You can even save some $$ http://bit ly/4otxXN		
393677	Its just easy as pie install the add on on Firefox synchronize the bookmarks & use in any computer via portable way Finally able to backup my bookies	I have xmarks on every computer I use  It syncs very well between Forefox  IE  and Safari	Makes life so much easier  you wouldnt even believe!	Nothing like being at work and being able to log onto any site whose pw you have saved on your home computer	Sync bookmarks between browsers  something Id been looking for for ages  Syncing passwords? LOVE!	Save yourself the agony of stress   Use Xmarks  love Xmarks   Simple  Painless  Priceless		
337305	I use it now! Great to read blogs with!	Simple clean interface  Really good keyboard shortcuts  Really easy sharing	Best RSS reader out there  I love their mobile interface	Simple  Fast  Effective  Nice Looking!	most useful feed reader :)	Explore and Share   RSS made the web easy   and Google Reader made the RSS easy	Great! use daily	I couldnt survive a days worth of news without it	I couldnt make it through the day without Google Reader   switching from Netvibes to GR changed my life	The best way to read feeds  I use it at workm at home  in the PSP	Ease determines use  I use it a lot  Wish they would add a post to Twitter feature	The best of the online feed readers  methinks	I think this is the only way to read RSS feeds  The best web based reader	I just dont read RSS like I used to    But if I were  google reader would be where I would be doing it!	I dont use it much but I didnt like it because of the email style organization  but there are too many new articles for that style	Ive tried a few rss readers and it is now my favourite  I especially like the fact that it links into Firefox	Any body can try it  effective feed reader	I have approx 550 feeds and i love that I can tag feeds of interest and add sites to my RSS notes which use the same tags Its the ultimate tool for web research	Very simple to use  available anywhere	Pretty good  But could be so much better  They need to work on the social aspect	Best RSS reader!	Use it every day  Sometimes while driving  Must stop that	spend more than 2 hours per day on it	I think Google Reader is my favorite web app  its clean  lightweight  easy  great keyboard shortcuts and keeps me up to date ;)	I love it! The best rss feeder ever  Nothing can top it	I like it so much  a better reader i had	Use it constantly through the day to keep up to date with the sites I like  Wouldnt be without it	My boyfriend just turned me on to Google Reader  I can now easily surf all of my news  including Mashable and Digg at the click of ONE button and in only 1 Tab!	Google Reader = awesomeness	I dont reallly like it  Sorry to say it but for the amount of feeds I get  need bloglines	Best news reader around	best reader  even does mp3s	I am a heavy user myself  It is easy to use  I read my RSS there  It is the best so far	I dont know  Too sloppy for me  I prefer Netvibes	Essential tool!! I cant live without	I love the onilne avilability and continuity of tracking the feeds from wherever I am  Its my daily reading library   it isnt disturbed by other stuff!	use it  will probably never switch	This app is working really well for me  very convenient  easy to use	A must have for any news junkie or serious blogger  Bar none the best RSS feed reader in existence	This is the only RSS feed colletor service I use  I simply love it the concept of RSS  Would love to see the concept of filters in GReader!	Nice  but kind of clunky and outdated  Twitter has replaced RSS  for me  anyways	Forget TV  Reading my feeds is a much better way to waste time	Desperately needs and update/reinvention  but still keeps me on top of things	Possibly my most visited site :D	Great News aggregator	Who doesnt use google reader	IT IS SO AWESOME! search a topic and you got your self a RSS feed! Go google! in fact Im using it now! :D	My favorite RSS reader for its wide support (i e  FF addons) and great interface	RSS reading made easy	Its not as good as bloglines organization wise  BUT the interface is lovely  and it has tagging!	the most easiest  non installable and most understable RSS reader	I love it and use feedly on Firefox to read it as a magazine	I really like it  I like the portability of the service	Best RSS reader out there	http://piodalcin wordpress com/ my blog	It makes it so easy to consolidate all the things I find interesting that I run across out there	still learning this share reader	I love Google Reader   I have it as my homepage and I check my feeds every day   Occasionally  the interface will not respond  but a refresh always fixes it	like all the new features de share feeds and comment	use it everyday and even more after the new social features have been added	No life without GReader! Heavier since UI upgrade  but still a really handy tool	best web rss reader	The best web based RSS reader  Now with offline support via Gears	Best RSS reader available  even superior to any desktop application that attempts the same thing	The absolute best RSS reader Ive ever found and keeps getting better	Best RSS online reader	one of the best reader available online   very slick with interface and fast	I use it everyday :D	Consume information at the speed of light with Google Reader	Easy to use RSS reader that is made highly customizable through Greasemonkey scripts and a few Firefox add ons  The Sharing and Like features also work well	Best RSS feed reader on the market  and the best thing about it is that its Social and lets you interact with others and share you feeds	love google reader! every time i open my feed  there are a hundred new articles that i really want to read; i just star or share the best ones	About the only Reader that works really well  Google does it better than anyone else  Except havent found how to rename Labels  Strange blip	Amazing RSS Reader  have it open all day	The only thing I have to visit everyday besides gmail   Why use another RSS reader?	I started using it today and I like it so far	I have no idea    I just signed up  Why are you asking me this already  Weird	if u r not using it u better start now	Its essential  Although I do back up my feeds and Ive started looking at Gruml just in case Reader disappears	Why would anyone need Reader? iGoogle or Outlook do the job just as well	Another essential additional to my Google toolbox	Every one on the web try to use there time in good way    Google Reader its one the best ways to follow so many of sites in short time	I love Google Reader and I am using it for most of my rss feeds  I would say that I am using it more each week	Never was into feeds untill I tried this   It keeps me interested during spare time and during work  like my own personal magazine!	Fantastic way of getting all feed in one web based place	LOVE IT!!! LOVE IT!!! Well said guys   ESSENTIAL	By far the most useful site on the Internet for me  I love the share features as well	Good App for organize all your feeds	I prefer Brief  but for some reason it slows Firefox on my machine  But Google Reader is a solid RSS reader	Best way to keep your feeds organized	It is a great tool to organize the blogs  Its social component such as share with those within your google network is also a fun thing to have	Google Reader has made my internet use grow with 50%  Now I have all my favorite sites and blogs new right in one place  I love it!	Has saved me hours of time  when looking at all my blogs  When using igoogle  combines all my tasks  vastly improves my productivity and my wealth of knowledge	Best tool to organize RSS feeds  Give it a try and I promise you wont regret	Most practical app to manage and organize RSS feeds !	Very good  but has some very annoying bug :l	Keeps me inform hasslefree	Where I keep all my feeds organized  Great reader service!	use it to read all my friends blog posts  useful because they are all in one page!	Still my favorite RSS reader	Still my main feed reader! Not beautiful  But wonderfully practical  fast and configurable  Bloglines has not kept pace at all  Go GR	A very straight forward interface that requires only one key to use the J  Actually the keyboard short cuts are Google standard so easy to remember  Great!	Much cleaner than iGoogle   I use this constantly to keep up with all my random feeds   The mobile version is pretty slick too	I really like Google Readers simplicity   just wish there was a better mobile version	Most practical app to manage and organize RSS feeds !	Use it everyday and to it all the time!	One stop shop for RSS reading   Ability to like  to share  to post to other services  to comment  and to email RSS items  Unable to deal with secure RSS feeds	much better than baidu	Possibly the only web service that I cant live without  Love you Google Reader	clean interface  easy to use  does what it says on the tin	Melhor leitor de feeds	A superbly simple way to keep yourself up to date on all your sites news and articles  the best reader I have ever used	It is very nice for my rss reader	I cant live without Google Reader  It gets better all the time too  Like the new option to follow sites without their own feeds	Made following RSS feeds a breeze  Combined with Feedly    just awesome!	I prefer to wait and see fi so many people jump in to this	Google Reader is awesome    especially now that it has 2 way commenting via buzz	Like many other Google products! I simply love this! I have all my feeds on here and can simple log in to my Google account and check it all at one place	And loving it thanks to Reader2Twitter	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	well done  Also a good backend to build apps on top of it	Works fast and well  Recommended items (under Explore) are awesome for discovery	Best online feed reader out there    but there isnt much competition anymore	Love the share functionality	Fastest way to get the most interesting and personally relevant information	Not only is reader great for sharing feeds  It is a great way to keep updated with everything going on	The best way for me to keep up with the blogs I follow	I dont particularly like Google Reader  but its better than everthing else	Daily must see	The only site I visit everyday besides gmail	Nice service to bring rss feeds together	Best feed reader Ive seen so far!	bezzzzz !!huhuhuhhuhhu!!pruuuuuu!!like formula 1	love love love	I use it to subscribe to over 300 blogs  webcomics  news sites  what have you! Dont have time to read it all though	Simple is to use pretty is the last word I would use to describe it there is so much better and also free that I suggest to use	My daily news aggregator	setiap hari selalu menggunakan ini		
337676	Whether youre looking to see what new social apps you arent on yet  or find a username that is universally yours  namecheck is the place to go!	Great service that definitely fills a need with the disappearance of usernamecheck	Like it better than any other name check Ive seen	The username rush is important if youre serious about your personal brand or your business inclusion in social media  Register your username first!	I got an error when visiting the site	Sok would be nice to actually register usernames		
337554	Nice  very nice  Get movie (and TV) recommendations on titles  moods  plots  actors & keywords  More I think for US users due to Netflix integration  Shame	Freaking sweet search visualization  The search could still get better  but overall  this shows a lot of promise  Especially for a movie geek like myself	Cool idea  but doesnt make it easy to find a movie that I am interested in  I am waiting to see what it develops into	Great! Nice to see efforts on developing & improving semantic searches	I use it daily :)		
338192	thats d best rss aggregator ive used till now  integrates with fb twitter and google reader !!	Its fantastic! I just wish that I could use it with Google Chrome	http://www feedly com	A great looking alternative to google reader	Beautiful UI  regularly updated	its great!  its brought new life into my google reader feeds!	Brilliant plugin for Firefox and Google Chrome! Takes your Google Reader feeds and displays them in a customizable  magazine like fashion	omg this is the best!!! Its like simple and boring RSS reader turned into a magazine!!		
392550	Scheduled tweets  Now I can tweet tomorrows tweets today!	HootSuite is the best app Ive found so far for managing multiple Twitter accounts and scheduling tweets	HootSuite is the best app for brand monitoring  Businesses  take note!	HS is the slickest and hottest tool around for managing  listening and effectively tapping into the power of twitter	HS is best tweet apps	Better than every desktop app I know  The user grouping feature is really useful	Many  many  many features that are all crammed into one little screen  but slow	this is one of the best Twitter crm/cms apps  but instead of coming up with an unecessary feature like ow ly they should consider more third party integration	La meilleure webapp pour twitter	Currently really neat in my opinion	just great ! fav among twitter tools   online tools	I tried  but I decided to change	Impressed by the interface   need to try it thoroughly   still believe its on the right path  from a development point of view   thumbs up!	Hootsuite rocks! Its one of the best Twitter services around  No installation  no hassles  Manage multiple accounts and autotweets from one control center	A solid  but not particularly pretty web app for twitter users  Its column layout is definitely appreciable though	Ive been using it for some months now and Ive completely stooped visiting twitter  Its amazing  very user friendly and above all its free :)	Brilliant  all the functionality of a desktop client but with the processing done in the cloud	Very Useful for Social Media pros	Doesnt require massive amounts of memory plus has all the functionality of autoposting  scheduling  keywords  searching	Finally all accounts under one roof  Easy to learn  easy to use	The only bad thing about it is the ow ly links	Simple and easy to use  Adding columns is a breeze! Like that you can see stats about your tweets! :)	Best Twitter app yet! I like that its web based and remembers all your settings  so you can use it on any computer	Just getting the hang of using it at the moment but   it seems really good for managing all of our social media accounts in one place   plus we love the stats		
490817	Interactive map that allows you to visualize the pulse of global culture   Report  discover and discuss lifestyle trends as they are happening!  Cool finds!	Great way to see whats new and trendy all over the world	Trendero helps me keep up with the kids these days!	I like Trendero because it lets me know what others are doing in different countries	I travel a lot and use Trendero to keep track of what I see/observe in different parts of the country   its a trend notepad of sorts   Really helpful!	I love the concept and perfect for generating ideas   Potentially an excellent way to be on top of a trend wave!		
392796	version 2 0 of TwitterMass will be returning on July 1st	A nice application for the friend collectors of the world	Ape bae dah  kagak ngarti g  pd ng0m0ng ape y	twitter msh blm ngrti deh pnggnaanya   !!		
573326	Social media integration here and the idea of creating a virtual & living diary is superb   For a v1 0 it rocks	Kick ass diary	This has got to be one of the best apps I have ever come across     and it just keeps getting better!	This is truly a beautiful and amazing application  One of my favorites	Great diary app  Buy it! You will use it more than you think	Just bought it and I fell in love :D	Best thing Ive installed on my phone   If youre looking for a journaling/diary app    this is the absolute best   Updates are even better	Love writing down your thoughts? Then youll love this diary/journal app  where you can easily combine your writings with your twitter/facebook posts  5/5	Love reviewing all the social media updates!  Perfect journaling app  cant wait for future improvements	I always want to go back in time and look at what Ive done  Its amazing	I use it daily :)	Just found this via blippr  Immediately become my favourite iPhone app of the moment  Seamlessly and almost immediately downloaded feeds going back years	With the password capabilities  its a very good app to have		
409196	Love it  absolutely fantastic  The best Multi IM Client I have used for a long time	For chat only though  adium and digsby are better	Dismissed as vaporware a long time ago  and I just cant grasp the idea of a paid for client for chatting   I mean  WTF?	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	Very good  I can use pretty much every major I M  protocol out there  and it can do Twitter and email (though I dont use it for that)	I used to love Trillian  but now I use Meebo		
393528	Its been a lot of hard work  but thanks to all my readers its been way worth it! I hope everyone enjoys visiting blackberryrocks com!	 blackberryrocks com is the most awesomest greatest site in the whole intertubez!	Great site for all BlackBerry owners  Great articles and awesome reviews  Highly Recommended :)	Whats that? iPhone is state of the art!		
392319	open source FTP client	I use WinSCP as my general purpose FTP/SCP client now  but before that  FileZilla was my choice  Great if you just need FTP	Use it for webdevelopment all the time	Best FTP client I could find		
337777	Excellent place to store and share private stuff!	I just set up a drop for the website Im working on  drop io is really easy to use and customise; and it even updates live  Great stuff	Really easy to share documents that must not been available to all  I use it to share my certificates for job applications	I just started using Drop io again & love it! Simple  private file sharing	Dead simple  Works great  What more do you want  Plus  the developers are great people!	Very simple way to share smaller files with others  I love the interface	Use this whilst at work  Able to share files with colleagues across the UK at the *ahem* drop of a hat  Great tool  very useful	Really great and useful  You should check this out	best way to share files   user friendly  wonderfully designed	I like the feature! have to tell everyone about this	awesome  very nice and simple	Plenty of feature   Ya baby drop it there	its good for only who like to make web presentations or im wrong ?	But for collaboration  Acrobat com is better  and for easy filesharing with multiple access there are much better options out there	I use it daily :)	Just tried it  it seems easy to use! :)		
337782	Great way to save and organize things that I want to read later	Extremely simple  Works well  The iPhone app is also a nice touch	Very simple solution for remembering things on the web you want to check out later	Simple but indispensable   If you surf the web a lot but find yourself rushed to read everything you see  you will love Instapaper	My daily routine involves bookmarking things to read later using Instapaper  love the Twitterific iPhone integration	Instapaper is an amazing read it later service  especially with the iPhone app!  Ive been getting so much more reading done because of it		
394183	love twitter  its addictive  made some new friends	A very interesting  entertaining  informative site which provides information on any stuff you like  CooL App!	It is amazing how so many people can be found on Twitter	I love it always    Twitter help me to contact people around the world for talk on any theme    it counts!	Hmm     not sure yet  need to get to know a few more people!!	twitter is very interesting to follow the person you want	I LIKE IT ! ITS FUN TO HAVE ! :)		
338185	Good designs  Easy to use  Free  Plus its easy to find  Twitterbackgrounds com	easy to use  automatically changes colors and background image  great designs!	A good source of custom Twitter backgrounds	nice designs/images and easy to install !	Something for everyone  And when you do find one  it does dress up the page	Awesome backgrounds! Check mine here http://twitter com/iSnake	fast and easy to customized your twitter backgrounds	Customizing is always good   break away from the pack!	Good for the lazy / photoshop challenged	I love to see custom Twitter backgrounds!	A copyright nightmare! Another website offering other artists work  and even selling custom  Nothing there belongs to them  Its easy to do your own  Thieves		
392202	I love this operating system! Linux is:   open source!   fast   reliable   amazingly flexible   well documented   great for web servers  desktops  etc	Linux is awesome!  I use Ubuntu on my desktop and just got an Android phone which is based on the Linux kernel  Only drawback to the Android is no office suite	I migrated from XP to Ubuntu this year and Im a digital strategist so am hardly uber techie  Wish MS would release Office suite on it though	I like Linux  but it will be a LONG time before it becomes consumer usable    if ever	Hey Im Linux guy	Best OS for production purposes out there	Not usable for a normal user	i love linux and its community	Software freedom forever :]	Best experience ever since I started using a PC ! Love the latest SUSE version!	Why I love it? Check this link: http://fedora help blogspot com/2009/06/why linux html	Beats windows almost every time  many flavours available  and well supported  GO LINUX!	Fedora messes with my keyboard input	Open source = loved	open source  complex  customizeable	These OSs challenge me all the time   its fun to discover new things and linux provide that	Way better than Windows  It allows me to actually FIX the problem instead of restarting and hoping the problem magically gets fixed	Switched once  cant really imagine going back	When youve gone Linux  theres no going back (because its just so awesome)!	Works good  many platforms nothing else will work on	Like the safety of a linux os	Linux is better than Windows  Free Software FTW!	better than any OS money can buy   that too for free!	Love Linux but it will never be mainstream because there is no one version that developers can write apps for!	Better  faster  stronger  powerful  highly customizable  free  Open Source	Free  Powerful command line (bash)  You can edit it like you want ;)	Fantastic alternative to Windows  many of the distributions are rock solid  Keeps you in command of the system	Excellent! Awesome! Terrific! Speechless! Its better n faster than window	love it    especially the debian & ubuntu		
576295	Great site for a quick  easy shopping experience for Indians	Good site for shopping on line at lowest prices	Best site i have seen so far for online shopping  What they show is what they give	Great concept for Indian market	Nice for shopping  good products @ economic rates and nicely presented like 360 view  :)	I like this site because it is very user friendly  and very easy for shopping	hmm good interface  but i dont use to online shopping	Really good site for shopping on line at lowest prices :)	it has only one product a day  user has no choice of his own  so i dnt like it  also product are chinese  so user may not like to puchase product with no brand	Unique concept!! Great Deals!! and Lovely Content!!  Thats how I will define BindaasBargain com	site with unique idea for on line shopping  good site	Great site with an innovative concept of one deal a day in Indian e commerce market	Nice Site   For Online Purchasing at low cost	Great site  very user friendly single page form to submit order very fast product delivery	Awesome look n feel  and trustworthy site with some clicks you can get the desired product	The concept is very unique  The focus is on one product alone So  you get a full history of every single product     nice	Totally cool site   i love the deals	Cool concept   Love their products and awesome deals		
336679	If youve only ever used Internet Explorer  you dont know what youre missing  Firefox makes Web browsing easier  more secure  and ultimately more enjoyable	Hard to beat  IEs a relic of a bygone age by now  but Opera  Safari  and Chrome dont match its customizability via plugins  Im a definite fan	My weapon of choice in the browser wars  Safer and has a plug in for just about anything	By far my most used app  The custumization through extension is really great and has made this irriplaceable	IE trembles in its wake  As it should	Okay  so it IS better than IE   My loyal heart hates me  but switching was sooooo easy	Anyone who is still using Internet Explorer needs to be educated	IE sucks FF rocks :)	Best  Browser  Ever  Seriously  it does everything right  is wonderfully customizable  and is more stable and secure than IE	Does anyone even use that Other Browser anymore? I love the plugins  switching between tabs by keyboard shortcut  and I love that it saves my tabs when I exit!	A great project that shows what open source is capable of	Love the ability to customize it the way YOU want   IE is still trying to play catch up	its a toss up between firefox and safari for me	for some reason  browsers over time get more complex   although firefox has managed to stay lean  google chrome is winning me over	The only browser for me  its infinite customisability (Im making up words now!) means it still trumps Chrome/Safari etc	Little fox is not so little any more	powerful  love the add ons	It makes the browsing session extremely cool & exciting	Your opinion of this app in 160 characters or less	People who use IE are ignorant   Firefox renders the web better  period  Plus we get firebug :P	Revolucionou os navegadores e continua sendo o melhor	It has become a little bloated over the years  but as a developer and power user  nothing beats it (once you tweak it with add ons) DEATH TO MSIE!!!	How can you use the web and not love firefox?  No other browser comes close in my experience	Overall  its probably the best browser available  I love how easy it is to add extensions  And it works great on Linux!	Firefox is the best browser ever  Great add ons  its more secure than other browsers and so easy to use    i love firefox : )	Its my go to browser for web developement  With tools like FireBug  its a must have for javascript development	Superior to IE  Safari is still tops for Mac and I prefer Google Chrome for the PC  Firefox has fun Apps though	My favorite web browser  without a doubt  A bit over rated for its extensions  and not as fast as Opera  but I love it all the same	Cmon you dont need me to say anything about Firefox   Use it  Love it  abandon Internet Explorer for all things except updates	People love Safari  but Im a Mac user and I use Firefox 3 instead  What more is there to say?	I like the fresh perspective and the freedom it gives me  I do not like the time it takes to load though	Once I switched to FF  I never considered going back to IE for a second	really really I Love IT ! Its the most important     :D	the single most useful app ever  its secret? you can customise it to your hearts content & make it your own	The best Web browser ever made	Overall  it is very good  better than IE  but ties up too much memory  Has its share of issues with Vista  both 32 and 64 bit	My favorite browser by far   Love the tabs and the add ons as well	It really lives up to the hype  I cant imagine ever going back to IE  So many options so   awesome	I cant decide between Opera or Firefox yet  So far i like the Fox a bit better because of the various add ons	Web surfing bliss  Scads of add ons for nearly every purpose  Clean  organized and easy to use  Blows every other browser out of the water	Works ok for most of my needs  I can easily see myself using some other browser too	Not just a web browser! Its more than your imagination	Use it every day   Sure it has a few quirks  but hard to imagine life without it	I love it  its amazingly faster than IE and more organized  Tough competition with Chrome though IMO	Even though Ill try new & updated browsers  I always keep coming back to Firefox (currently using 3 1 beta 2)	Firefox add ons make it possible for a non techie like me to get a WHOLE lot more done than I normally could on my own	What other browser can handle 200+ open tabs? I couldnt get by without it	Not that good    too much overrated	Its few issues far outweigh its awesome ness!	Firefox continues to be the browser of choice!	I ditched it totally for Chrome	Great browser but be warned: there is a ton of plugins and add ons waiting to turn Firefox into a bloated memory hog! Choose wisely! :)	Great browser! But     I would say Safari beats it	A mastodon and heavy browser  but yes  there is the best and most complete	Best browser ever! The add ons create a really rich browsing experience	Sorry Firefox  I left you for Chrome   Your bushy tail is adorable  but the Simon Says logo was too good to resist	theres a few bugs  Id love it	my 1st string browser   crashes and is a mem hog at times tho	I use too many great plugins to even consider another browser	Keep trying other web browsers but I always end up coming back to Firefox  nothing can beat it	The best and quickest browser   plenty of extensions for customization!	Agreat browser with a lot of customization options  but just cant compare to Chrome in speed and its User Interface	my day doesnt start without it  leaves IE wanting	The plug ins are what make Firefox a great browser  I love that its the same interface on the Mac and PC	Based on my top 10 add ons preview   thats why i LOVE it	Bandwagonism maybe  but when something is this flexible and powerful  just gotta love it	Makes browsing fun	No doubts  the bestbrowser for its versatility!	Certainly better than IE (love lots of the plugins and its features) I prefer Google Chrome for its speed and simplicity	It may be a little slower than a couple of other browsers  but its major advantage is all the plug ins  The best out there and miles better than IE	My preferred browser for several years	Ive used firefox for years  but have recently started using Chrome	My favorite piece of software  period	The best web browser around	Who wouldnt want a highly extensible browser with a sane rendering engine? Its not a Microsoft product  either	Eats my resources and crashes like a weddingcrasher  Using it for webdev though	Best browser  Never fails and is massively customisable	The best browser Ive ever used	Best browser you can use without a doubt	Looks nice  mostly i like it because its fast and reliable	Started working with FF in 2008 and it was one of the best things I did in 2008	simply hate it    only thing that makes it usable is large amount of addons made for it :|	I love it its a 100 tomes better then internet explorer which will probably be obsolete very soon	Simply the best  All you could want in a web browser  and its on every conceivable OS	Best browser for my needs  The extensions are great  and the customizability is unmatched  Fairly secure  though it can be a bit of a resource hog after a while	Only browser Ill use	All the web into one single station  But its not as fast as it was before!	I was always a Internet Explorer user until I tried Firefox  Now Im never going back  Firefox is the best  I hope they get pre installed with computers someday	i love all the free add ons	Like Firefox but using Chrome 95% of the time now because its so much faster	Great  but has the downside of clogging up your system the longer you use it	FIrefoxs greatest feature is its extensions  I do wish it was a little snappier and used a little less resources	Fast  Customizable  Effective  Large User Base  Continual Development  etc  (In General Great   and MUCH faster than IE)	I LOVE Firefox!!  You can really personalize it to fit you!	Eats my pc resources  I passed at Chrome	I really like the lightweight feel  Dont miss IE for a second	Firefox is a really great browser  but the type of OS youre using makes a big difference   Safari is faster on Macs  Firefox is faster on Windows	First thing I install when I get a new computer!  An absolute must have   So customizable  I love it   Quit complaining if you have a mac  get a real computer	If you dont know it  you dont know the web !	I am a fan! Specially because of the great add ons	Takes too long to launch	I have yet to find a better browser  Simply amazing	Firefox is awesome but Safari CRUSHES it  :)	Firefox is a much better browse   Wish more people would use it	Its fantastic when its not hogging all my memory!	Until 2 days ago I used it without question  Now  after a load of crashes  Im looking elsewhere	You can come out with new versions of all the other browsers  but unless you make it as extensible as Firefox  it wont make me switch	cant stop using Firefox once I install all kinds of awesome add ons	Will use it for what it offers next to its competitors	The successor to Mosaic  freed by Netscape with inspiration from ESR  Maintain balance in the browser wars against IE  Thank you deeply  with Love!	Firefox  with all those addons  is so damn cool  Its the Gmail of browsers: before Firefox we were living the stone age of web browsing	Chrome is my new favorite  but still use Firefox for the plugins	Just cant code (then  work (then  live)) without it  thanks to its addons	Firefox takes it to the mattresses   The Godfather of all browsers   the addons ROCK!	eFirefox is Awesome  and if your comparing it to internet explorer it wins hands down every time  Still using IE? Download Firefox 3 NOW! http://mozilla com/	I have tried Explorer and Firefox   Firefox is by far hands down the best   I love the add on apps   I also like the speed of Firefox versus Explorer   Get It!	If it was not for the memory hog bizness I would love Firefox  Unforrtunately b/c of this I had to switch to Chrome which is more memory hog unfriendly :)	Fast  Safe  Customizable!	while I too have not returned to IE  FFs memory leaks get old	Crashes way too much and chews up memory	Ive ditched Safari for Firefox until Safari 4 comes out    NoScript is so useful I might never switch back	Firefox has been my fav browser for years now  Chrome is giving it a run for money on the speed side	FF is too lazy when loaded with plugins	Very extendable and now supported widely  however  it is an absolute hog when it comes to using system memory	No browser offers more customization and third party plugins  extensions and addons!	I used to love it  but then it started crashing too much  Now I like it and love Google Chrome  (I hate IE)	not microsoft  what else do I need to say?	The benchmark against which all other web browsers have to measure themselves  When Im on my Mac  I still use Safari  though    Firefox everywhere else!	as a developer  i LOVE its standards compliance  and as a user  i love its interface  and overall ease and comfort of use    : )	It is a good and stable browser   Not perfect but what browser is?	IE6 was good  IE7 was garbage  I refuse to use IE8  long live FF Opera and even Chrome (which will be in beta forever it seems)	Firefox is thousands miles ahead of IE  Its my favourite browser	its okay  rather use safari or chrome	Very useful SEO friendly browser  which supports almost all addons related to SEO work  I am a big fan of it	The only other browser I would consider is Google Chrome and Id want to see it in a native Linux format first	All day  everyday!  Loyal user since the Firebird days   Customizable to the hilt!	A developers dream come true  The add ons that allow you to *peek behind the curtains* of the CSS and HTML rock  Wouldnt be without it	Firefox rules the roost!	I am done with MS and all their updates and BS  My IE just stopped working from 1 SP3 update  What a crock  You think wed get better considering the cost?	love this it is so mint and cool !!!	Great extensions  actively developed  Unfortunately its a little slow to load on Macs  though	i dont know why it is so much better than the alternatives but I love it	I just dont like firefox  I tried to  I just cant like it  What is there to like? If Im not in the mood for IE  then there is always Chrome  FF is not for me	The best internet browser ever made  period  Faster & safer than IE  I will never look back!	I switched to Firefox and never looked back	Lots of great features  but Im really not into its look and feel  A bit sluggish and ugly  In my experience not as fast as Opera or Chrome  Beats IE though	Safer  faster  easier    and I like the name :)	my favorite web browser	Really nice browser  Need to be a little light though	I love this browser  Comes bundled with Ubuntu  and is much improved in Jaunty Jackalope  The add ons take Firefox from solid to spectacular	Firefox is everything my heart desires	Firefox is simply the most flexible browser out there  I can customize it just how I want  Ad block is ecentual also  I just love it	Firefox rules  nuf said :)	The best web browser since sliced bread  Thank you to my brother who introduced me to it! : )	My IE quit working one day  Thinking it was a prob with my laptop  I called Dell  The help line guy suggested I switch to FF  Wont be going back	The best browser in the world!	love that its the ultimate customizable browser	Efficient  powerful  MacOS	The Fox is pretty good  but nothing beats Maxthon in usability and out of the box features	Amazing! Super compatible  works in linux  win  and osx!	Still the best browser mainly because of the number of great extensions for it	The Fox  Enough said  :D	I love Firefox  I have converted many friends to it  far away from IE  The customization it has is just fantastic!	I love it  Its so customizable and has so many intuitive apps like Ubiquity	I love that you can personalise the browser to suit your needs   So easy to use and so much better than IE  Safari and Chrome	what is their to say about firefox other that is the best browser hands down :D	Firefox is great  Versatile  Stable  And its not IE	Cant complain about it  Love the add ons	The extendability of Firefox makes it the only way to browse	Embarrassing to be caught using anything else  add ons make it by far the best choice	Great browser  The add ons are nice  however it takes up a load of memory	best browser for addons and you get props for using open source	Simply unstoppable right now  Effortless and simple	A bit slow on a Mac    But its addons are great	A really powerful (but sometimes slow) browser!	The most competent browser  sure its slow  but compare it with IE8 and this is MUCH more stable   Also recommended on the Mac	Firefox is the best  nuff said	Super wonderful  Im using FF3 6a1 nightly build for daily surfing!	Each new version gets slower and more bloated    I finally switched to Chrome  which I never thought Id do    couldnt take minutes long boot times	Firefox itself is great  Easy to organise and transport bookmarks  Tabs are fab  Some of the add ons arent great but you cant blame Firefox for that I guess	Not to shabby  and I dont trust GOOG or MSFT	I like it best   Id like to try Chrome but Im on a mac and last time I looked it was just for pc	The best web browser	is nice  but Im too lazy for all the addons	i love firefox and all the add ons who make my internet life so much easier!	Outstanding among all your competitors  able to recover the unrecoverable and leap small obstacles in a single click   No matter where I go  IE  Chrome  or Oper	I liked it more when I first started using it  but now it hangs more than IE does for me  Add ons are nice  but not at the cost of performance	But Chrome is better  IMO	The best browser i must say  but lets see what Google Chrome is in store for us	omfg  best app ever	so many addons how can u not love it   a browser as u want it to be	omg coolest browser evah!	OH Snap! Best browser in the world!!	I felt bad watching the Bing demo  Poor MS bastards have to use IE	wins at life  Fast  customisable and generally awesome  Only crashed on me maybe 2 or 3 times  thats in 3 years of using it	uses a lot of ram and its heavy  without extensions  its just a big balloon	needs to lose weight	its only getting better and better	The best internet browser Ive used! And believe me   Ive tried them all  (:	A bit too bloated  but hands down best web developer tool (with Firebug  Dev Toolbar  HTML Validator  etc )	great extensions  cant wait for 3 5 with faster javascript engine	Better than Internet Explorer  but still not the best browser out there	   but I also like the simplicity and speed of Chrome   Am currently sitting on the fence	Sorry firefox  safari 4 is my new best friend	I would never use IE again  Love you Firefox	Safari 4 its taking advantage on you	best browser after safary	One of the best browsers out there  Fast secure  and open source to boot  Totally customizable	Extensions  skins  customizable  easy to use and free  Whats not to love about Firefox? Loved it since 1 0	Chromes getting better  Will Firefox  stay ahead?	Fast  extendable  easy to use  Just the best browser IMHO	sorry!! chrome won me over	I use Chrome for regular browsing  but NO other browser comes close to the excellent extensions of FF!!!	I use it for a long  long time now and I simply cannot switch to anything else  Extensions and Greasemonkey scripts are an irreplaceable combination	The new Firefox 3 5 is sweet  the extensions make a browser even more useful	Best browser out there so far  I wish Safari would learn from them	It has everything going for it  it is a credit to all people involved in the development of this browser	Probably the best browser out there	best browser in the world!! (except Im using Google Chrome      ) Im waiting for the 3 5 update due soon	Best browser out so far	Although it is my favourite browser  I wish it didnt use such a huge amount of system resources	Good  But a complete memory hog	If one tab crashes  all tabs crash  killing the entire browser! I got tired of it and moved to Google Chrome!	Beats every other browser Ive tried	this is the single most customizable browser	Customizable and fast    Whats not to love? Its great for web dev too	Wow Firefox is one of my favorite web browsers	Its okay; I prefer Chrome	The new Firefox 3 5 rocks! GReat speed  nice new functions and up with the best!	Easily the best overall browser  no longer king of speed  but the extensions are still what make the difference over Chrome	Highly customizable  Could be very feature rich or very simple  Just the way you want it	Still the best  thanks to extensions	I like it but hardly ever use it	Is really cool    Ff never changes pls!	Simply the best browser!	Much more standards compliant than IE  and the extensions are great  what me could you want?	Easy to use and give the finger to Microsoft at the same time!	amazing web browser with unlimited capabilities  its not just a web browser you can consider it a platform for web applications and solutions	still the best desktop browser; but skyfire coming on strong for mobile	Firefox Rocks ! Without Fail Firefox is the Finest !	too much viruses and spyware thanks to it	I like it  I like the ad ons  but Ill stick with chrome  its much faster	Chrome just cant convince me  I guess its mainly the plugins that do it for me	I have used firefox  no problems for like 100 years now	I love Firefox  Its my home browser	Chrome is better for me  but if you want reliability  compatibility  standards compliant  and highly customizable  Firefox is the best choice	Wish it didnt hog so much memory on my mac	Its really awesome and always use Firefox on my Windows desktop and Ubuntu laptop	Wohha! Baby please get light   I love you FF but Chrome is size 0	The best browser  especially because of the great amount of add ons	Firefox is the only way to go   at least as the default browser  Was told to unload chrome    but that was like 6 months ago	I have a love/hate thing with FF  Right now  love  but on average just like	FF is still my favourite browser  but other ones (Chrome  Safari  even IE8) are getting ahead in some aspects	Great for web development because of the powerful plugins	Am a huge fan of firefox  Cant live w/o it  Totally changed the way I use internet! The add ons make it so functional and knockout every other browser out there	great! pity that it consumes too much memory  Wish it would have productive/management tools like Foxmarks included with its code reviewed to ensure security	Great browser! Always my first choice  While 3 5 has fixed a lot of the memory leak issues  they still remain  Still a top notch browser	The greatest: fast  great intelligent address bar  and very cool extensions!	Its good  but it makes slow my computer	Vast improvement over IE8  even more so now that v3 5 is out  FF is faster  more secure  easier to manage and even looks better than IE  Thumbs up	good but still need more i like the speed of my chrome	Until Google Chrome has a version of Firebug Ill be sticking with Firefox  even if it is a little slower	FF you make the things I think about show up on my screen!  The best	A solid browser  Ive since defected to Chrome   Def  gets props for being the first browser to really take a chunk out of IEs marketshare  though!	Left both IE & Opera for Firefox  Never looked back since then  Chrome is fast but I will keep my loyalties with this bushy beast  add ons & all	Could you ask for a better browser?	need I say more  bing	Browser of choice  Faster than ever  it is the best choice for those who like to use a tailor made browser  Abundance of add ons make sure its *your* browser	Tried Chrome  love Firefox  constant updates from a loving community  Whats not to love	I like Firefox  because it is safer  faster  and has more current updates than I E  8	Too heavy  too much memory usage!	I like Firefox but its too slow to start and quit	My favourite browser  Addons  themes  security and speed  Nuff said	Solid  reliable browser  I havent had it crash yet and Ive been using it for 3 years	I used to love it but it suddenly became too slow and memory consuming  I downloaded chrome accidentally now I couldnt live without it  Beats firefox no contes	great app we absolutely love it!	Like we have a choice ; ) On OS X Safari looks great but historically security is sketchy  using Internet Explorer is asking to get hacked  Opera lacks addons	firefoxs add ons make it unbeatable	I am still a fan of Safari  havent gotten into Firefox yet  Which do you like better?	Would love it  but new update causes slow loading of web pages	Use to be the best there is  but over time its become a resource hog  slowing down  and crashes periodically	my no 1 browser  tried my best to get it out of my PC  but could never do it!	i love firefox 3 5 but ive played with so many add ons  the user experience is a little jenky  I actually prefer safari 4 :/	LOVE all the add ons   Love	Opera and Chrome are both better than this  The new design looks good though (3 7)	doesnt support innerHtml tag	With Firefoxs great addons its difficult to consider anyone else at the moment	Long live to the king! IE6 die  please  for the web to finnaly move on!	Best browser ever  Period	I am completely addicted to firefox  havent tried chrome because Ive customized my firefox and it is so great!	Firefox 3 5 is very slow contrary to what is coming out from the buzz online  Id rather use 3 0 12 because its more stable  no issues w/ add ons  same speed	one of the most poweful browsers i was using it before flock browser  but flock is also built on firefox	Very good browser  but should be faster	cant live without  even if it has some flaws  FF is the king!	I like it  but prefer Chrome	I could not live without Firefox  I tried Google Chrome for about an hour but soon missed all my favourite FF add ons and switched back!	Firefox rocks because of its Web Developer add on extention!	love it  and love Chrome  and love Safari  and love Opera!!! all onboard as portable for different purposes ; ) ie? Well  from time to time i say hello ie! ;	Firefox is amazing  I love it  3 5 is the best version so far!	Firefox is the worlds best browser  It beats Safari hands down on Mac and also it is fully customizable! Go Opensource!	Customization is great  wish it was a little faster	I really like firefox  it works really well  has a ton of cool apps like firebug and is really customizable	I can personalize very much like I want it to be  though in the last I experience some performance issues (pages take some time to load) After all its 8/10	Highly customizable with tons of extensions and themes	Browsers like chrome and opera are far better than a firefox without add ons  but the add ons are what make it outshine the competition	Firefox is secure  fast and has great addons for web developers and general users! not to mention themes :)	Firefox FTW  Add ons galore  And a shiny new skin too  Screw you Microsoft  Internet Explorer must be destroyted	Best so far   inline in Safari  however	Most customizable  productive browser in existence  Constantly improved  and any feature not available at install can be added by extension	I prefer Google Chrome! In fact  I dont have it installed in my laptop	Good  good stuff	My all time browser behind Opera  :P	Firefox has to be the most versatile web broser I have ever used	me gusta pues es rapido	Not as fast as Chrome  but still easy to use  Tons of great add ons and plugins	hey foxy   youve always been good to me from v2 till now  I know that you work best with all the needed add ons installed   thats why I love you so much <3	I am sticking to Firefox because it helps me experience the web better  Chrome is close but Firefox breaks boundaries on what you can do with a browser	Fast and Customisable Browser  Awesome	i cant think use other tools instead of FF  i love this very powerful add ons and user friendly UI	Fast  but not fastest  Plug ins! This is why I like it	Better than IE  but still pretty slow compared to Chrome	The extensions are great and I think its a developers as well as users browser	simply the best browser for all the addons	THE BEST ALL AROUND BROWSER MONEY CAN BUY  OH YEAH ITS FREE!	It looks ugly  Its better than IE  but thats a low standard  Only use it if you want to add lots of apps to it  for it is popular	Cant live without this browser because of the add ons it brings	Many add ons to choose from and convenient to use!	the best brwoser by far!	Did someone just say     FIREFOX? =D	Addons distinguish Firefox from everything else  Even Opera and its crappy widgets that are so notoriously hard to update	It makes much less problems (doesnt get stuck or closed) than any other browser I ever used  and there are a lot of very useful plugins like ggreasmonkey for i	Firefox is the best browser by far  i have tried all other browsers  this one wins hands down every time	The best browser  I like the add ons  try the User Agent Switcher	Open source guru : )	Perfect browser  but still need to pass Acid3	the best web browser	Open source browser  tons of features and endless addons	more than a browser  you can add many plugins and turn it in your online activitys administration panel and even more	the best browser I have encountered to date	Great browser with loads of customizable stuff	Best browser Ive ever used  bar none  The add ons and customization are what make Firefox extremely powerful and useful	Been using Firefox for about four years  Love it and the competition its encouraged in the browser world	Firefox is my best brower!	Firefox made me switch from what was then my favourite browser   IE  How little I knew	I prefer Chrome   but Firefox  is   Firefox! :D	I did see a great post about things to add to the next release  but currently this is a phenomenal browser and I have no idea why youd use anything else	The best web browser!	Its Firefox  what can I say that hasnt already been said? Its awesome	very nice app   specially for add on	Its a little buggy for me occasionally  but still the best!	I have tried others but always come back to firefox   Easy to use faithful safe plus many extras IE does not have a must check out for all	I am very satisfied with this app and i do not have to worry about forgetting any passwords!!!	This is the best browser  Period	Extensions    need I say more? Also  anything is better than IE	I come across another blogger using internet explorer today Could not believe he was not on firefox  Its brilliant	highly customizable with a great support crew   what more can you ask?	Pretty good   looking foward for a t shirt <3	it does what i ask it to  good fox	I have so personalized my Firefox i cant explain how work and life is without him	What needs to be said about Firefox? If you use it  you know why its great  If not  you dont know what youre missing	Used to be my browser of choice  not anymore  On Chrome since it came out	Browser of choice though less stable lately	I love firefox!Because its customizable to any extent u can imagine	Has really great plug ins for everything imaginable!	Without question  the best browser there is  Add ons and extensions for everything	Firefox always deliver what I expect it to  In a good way  The only think I dislike is the GUI	Amazing browser  Stop using IE  IE so clunky and so  compare it to the speed and extensions of Firefox!	Best browsers period	Wouldve put I love it  until Chrome came along  I find it it a bit cumbersome at times  with all the add ons	My lovely time with connecting people in twitterlink	Firefox is by far the most practical and functional web browser !	Firefox is by far the most practical and functional web browser ! (2)	Just have to add my opinion hootsuite!	stable  good mix of features  and practically everything can plug into it   long live firefox!	I have been using Internet Explorer since 1998 and for some reason I downloaded Firefox I am moving all my bookmarks to Firefox its so much better and faster	Once upon a time    I wanted to open several sites    Unfortunately it only gave back the message the site was reset or something    Frustrations	firefox used to be    well  foxy  now its just buggy  change the name to firebug	I mean yah it has it problems but to  me its the best thing out there	its a bit of a resource hog  they left past OSs behind  but so did everyone else  but the add ons and a computer strong enough to run it make it the best	If youre careful  and dont become an add on whore  its the best!	FireFox with Developers extesions! Perfect!	love my Firefox  i have it just the way i like it  Its not Ms; ) and i can trust the Firefox  check the HTML and get in to the social web wave	Great browser  works with Windows  Mac  Linux  great add ons  cant function without it!	Has help lead a revolution in web browsing and web development    appreciate all its brought to the table	think it do it  thats firefox	Very slow loader  and gets cluttered easily  Compared to Chrome  Firefoxs only advantage is the addons	Excellent FOSS alternative web browser  Third party addons push it closer to perfection	The Web developers sweet spot!	swift  secure  customizable  Its great	Cant wait til the next version	Tired of constant viruses and popups?  Ditch IE  and go with Firefox!  Better browsing  and safer surfing!	Excellent browser but has had a few issues with the more recent versions   Maybe its time for a complete system rebuild	Absolutely amazing browser  With a community as expansive as Firefoxs  theres tons of support and a huge plugin community that keeps the browser going	May be better than IE but still sucks  Slow  very slow  Many memory leaks	Firefox has been an excellent browser for me over the years and I experience no sluggish performance and Ive tried many browsers	I love it  has many add ons	The best so far in terms of customization  But it still isnt as sleek and fast as Chrome  Hogs memory and doesnt feel as clean	Firefox is a very fast browser  is supporting neat all sorts of programming languages and works on every operating system very good  Its just the best browser	firefox is good but i tend to use google chrome	Love it! Fast  Great Add ons  Themes   much better than any other browser out there! :D	Firefox is great for development and casual browsing  All those add ons really make it stand out  Sometimes  there is no other way than to use Firefox	Worlds best browser? Sure! Dabbled with Opera (not bad) but keep coming back to the Fox  The add ons should only be used sparingly (I think)	El mejor navegador  sin duda	Only gripe is it is getting way to big  partly because of ad ons which is why most of us love it  paradox  Chrome is much leaner and my first browser now	Its the best web bowser	bradley Langerman97@twitter com loves Firefox	firefox makes browsing easier  allowing many add ins to it	the best browser my goodness	security issues  bugs  slow  fugly default design	blahhh xl ie is wayy better i hat3 itt	really good but not as chrome	A good web browser with many amazing add ons  Sometimes though  it can feel bloated and slow	Firefox is the swiss army knife of browsers  It works with any OS  and with Weave I can keep my tabs and everything on any PC too!!	A great browser with an absurd potential  i hope the upcoming versions fix the bloating problems though	I BROWSED FIRE FOX ND ITS DA BEST	Aku pengen perg dari y	Still the best desktop web browser available	i use it for my surfing  when design web pages  must check also how them look in IE  thats the only reason why use IE	My browser of choice  the original tabbed browser  It just works and extensions/addons can make it more useable	Well  its only problem is that it really eats up the system memory after some time  and goes slow with that  It really should have many processes  like chrome	Still (imo) the best browser out there : )	great add on make firefox more powerful! that the reason why im using it instead of chrome	slamat tahun baru smoga tahun ini indonesia smakin sejahtra ga ada kta kricuhan lagi	I used to love it but since its latest upgrades many issues so not too happy with it but love the add ons and such	Its great  but well see what happens when chrome gets traction	Gosto  e acho que evoluem no caminho certo	With a large variety of addons and extensions  Firefox can be easily customized  depending on the way you want to use the browser	Well built and extensible  Big improvement from version 2	+ addons! addons! addons!   slow   doesnt pass ACID3   occasionally crashes	Firefox is a good  but not great web browser   What it has on every other application (presently) is ubiquitous extensibility: all kinds of add ins	this is my favorite browser  it runs on all of my computers  and i absolutely love it  its a great web browser that works with all the sites i go to	Overall bulky browser in terms of the address bar etc  Considering that I do not use add ons  I do however like Flock based on Mozilla  as an alternative	mehh    i like chrome and safari better	In my opinion  the best of all browsers	Works much better than IE8        no crashes so far      thumbs up!!!!	Its the iphone of web browsing	Firefox is Great browser :)	A+ just that the start up is the slowest among all browsers	Cannot beat its extensibility  A great new feature would be a an issues label or tag to warn the user about concurrently running certain add on combinations	Able to personalize it  has many options  and great add ons! Love it!	My 99% of the time browser that is surrounding this page	used it from 0 xx version way back in 04   Still use it as #1 under linux; use on mac when need IEish   Very cool	Best browser  the one I use the most  Cant beat the addons!	If browsers were personified  Firefox would be my hero	Ad Blocker Plus  Nuff said	Love Firefox for its customisability  but am getting increasingly annoyed by its slowness (spose thats the price of XUL)  Lets hope 3 6 and 4 0 help	Slow  single threaded  and not as standards compliant as WebKit based browsers (Safari and Chrome)    not by far!	Forefox is what n00bs and kids like to use	Best browser  most useful  great extensions  slower than chrome and opera but usability wise still the BEST	It is the reason we have improved browsers these days  and is still pushing the boundaries  though it does need some under the hood work	Firefox is a good browser  but I like Google Chrome better   Its pretty fast  has lots of extensions  very customizable  and supports MOST standards	The first and only web browser that allows you to view the web YOUR way (others are trying but have not yet achieved the customization ability of Firefox)	Thanks for rescuing me from IE  but now I have chrome  so I only use you when Im in OSX	My default browser  it is secure and fast  One of the best	More options than you can shake a stick at make Firefox the top choice for developers and power users	The best web browser of the world!	Firefox enables the web  exactly how you want it  An extension for almost anything  I just wish they would work on making XULRunner a bit less of a memory hog	A lot more people have it for mac than they should   Cant judge the windows version	My default browser too  I love its many plugins very much	CAN NOT STAND INTERNET EXPLORER! BUT DO REALLY LIKE CHROME!	Trustworthy but seems to be lacking a bit behind	cool  style able	Best browser IMO	Its the best browser in the world right now	Customizable and spell check!	A very nice fast browser  very extendable if you need to	A once great browser is slowly showing its age  I still use it but have grown fonder of Chrome  Add ons are great     but there are too many good ones!!	my site http://www rollshop co il look the best only in firefox	certainly like it   its what made MS sit up and make changes needed with the lacklustre IE	there are constant updates and add ons being created for the browser   a recent addition is the persona  which helps individualize the users browser appearance	I cant design/develop without the Developer Toolbar and Firebug!   and Weave! :)	We are not good friends    I just cant use it	its good  does the internets proper  plugins are very useful in all aspects of web development	Firefox   this is my internet! The best browser!	Its generally better than Internet Explore  but it seems to still seems to use more memory than other browsers	A much more powerful  faster  innovative and secure web browser  There are extensions for almost anything  Choose Firefox for a great web browsing experience	I have many addons (some uneccesary)  But so  I mustnt search every page  for example i have Gmail Notifier  The search bar is fantastic	the MUST HAVE web browser! Kicks all the others to the side  the addons are fantastic also	Absolutely fantastic! Looks good  fast  many  many optional addons  and an entirely different feel to IE!	My favourite browser  hands down  With plenty of add ons to make you implode	It used to be my personal favorite  but lately it feels like its been lagging behind Chrome  I still use it for the occiasional plugin  but its really slow	I have a love / hate relationship with Firefox  Its slow and crashes a lot because of the extensions I use  I guess I should blame the extension developers	It has become a slow browser  Google Chrome is definitely making its way to first place	By far the BEST browser out there today  though Chrome is fast encroaching  Ive found Firefox to become somewhat bloated and slow due to addon instability	Could do with slimming down  The best browser for customization	I used to hate Firefox  but Ive grown to tolerate/like it	Best by far  no problems at all	it is the best search angen	Its free  Its fast  You can personalize it as you want with a lot of addons  Its also safe  The best browser Ive ever seen ;)	love it  works great  good apps	Firefox uses minimal system resources & thus  its my default web browser  I love the add ons you can install to further customize your surfing experience	Its just firefox    with all the plugins one needs    it rocks the web	the best web browser there is!!!  No 1 on security                             No 1 on speed                No 1 on reliability  No 1 on  add ons No 1 in cus	a bit of a resource hog  but its not just a browser  it can do practically anything with the proper extension or script!	It re invigorated the browser wars and gave IE a well deserved run for its money  Truly a superior browsing experience	 WELL COME 2 BABY MOE WALL ON FIREFOX AM ON FIRE NOW CHECK ME OUT ON MYSPACE COM/SHINYMOE OR TWITTER COM/SHINYMOE FOLLOW ME :	its one of these things you want  b/c everyone has it  No efforts  Google Chrome rox	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	too slow  chrome is faster!	Love it  Love it Love it  But only with latest stable release  Feature rich  supports 1000s of plug ins & best of all  its not IE  #Opensource	Its a standard compliant browser and I like the addons but it definitely needs more Unix support  It crashes/freezes on me all the time	Good browser but Id rather use Chrome or Safari  wihch are faster	Best browser around    move out the way Safari and Internet Explorer    especially Internet Explorer    sheesh	Great  Maybe Chrome is better but at the moment it doesnt offer me anything worth the hassle of getting used to soemthing new	Couldnt (okay  wouldnt *want* to) do web development without it	I used to love FF  but it has become very bloated and slow over time  But still do use it from time to time	Feature rich  but EXTREMELY clunky and chews up memory like mad  Also  its crazed fanboys make me want to destroy things	i loves my extensions like i loves my childrens	Love it! Especially the addons  They make my browsing experience all the more better	Great for development  Not so good for regular usage  Love all the extensions  but they need to speed it up	Every new release of Firefox makes it more slow and bloated  Used to be awesome  not so much anymore  Still use it for the wide variety of plugins  Noscript ftw	As a webdeveloper i dont know what to do without it  Yet its not as fast as Chrome  therefore it lost me as a daily user	Its the best web browser in the world  Its free   use full  easy work	One of the best browsers ever  I love how easy it is to customize	Its slower than the competition  and the interface could be cleaner  but it is the most customizable browser out there	so cool! especially the personas!	great browser  the default instead of IE	For its customizability  speed  respect for web standards and open source  I love FFox and have been using it since 0 9 in the Firebird days	safe fast easy and plenty of useful tools that i use on the daily	chrome is good  but it still feels too clunky  i expect great things from it in the future  but Firefox is the browser of today  the web is built for firefox	Exactly  I think its better   Since everything found by founder have to be able contributing the best of this era  Do the best in the future firefox mozzilla	Great functionality with all these plugins  But the other browser are faster	The worst memory resource manager i have ever seen on an internet browser!	Perfect choice for us   Firefox everytime	clearly the best thats out there but still some bugs need to be worked out	u my best in doin my buisness bcauzzz u pick up  like vroommm  pruuuuuuuuu!!	The only web browser I use  They just need to fix the crash issue for me to LOVE IT!	(Pertaining to Mac) Slow  Cant print  Bloated  not Clean but on the good side it is safe and can basically render anything you throw at it	fast  stable  the only way to browse on windows   lots of great plugins too ;)	browser yang bagus  sayang ada Google Chrome yang lebih baik	The best of the best with the best!	A classic browser that always delivers	Great browser  except it can be slow at times	Its Clean And simple to Use Its an effective web browser with much addons supporting	Takes time to open		
337889	Great task application! But Google Tasks suits my needs better	I like it  but dislike having to always qualify all my tasks with things like dates and locations  Needs the ability to be more simple	I love this  I have the sidebar in my gmail window and have set up Asrid to view it on my G1	Theres better  But RTM is good	Its perfect for the ones who like to organize everything	Unreliable  set up 2 repeating reminders  1 stopped after 4 days  the other after 6 months  no response to my request for help  PingMe reliable & responds	Good to remember stuff    not altogether that functionable tho	One of the best for planning your daily activities  Love it!	I couldnt keep track of my tasks without it  Tried so many other alternatives and fell in love with RTM	Useful to keep track of my tasks for various projects  Good reminder functionality	It is making me remember things  Took a while to get going but now its useful	Task Heaven :)	Easy to use  Very useful  Although I wish they offer their iPhone app for everyone and not just for Pro users		
336799	Not bad  but AIR apps have a tendency to jack up my system  Its a solid app  but Ive dropped it in favor of Digsby  since Im already using it for IM	Array of colour schemes & fonts to choose on  It makes tweet updates more interesting Its worth using	My Twitter Desktop App of Choice  Once it has Groups  it will be the Twitter user app of choice	Another great twitter app	The best of its type  just fix that annoying jumping up and down upon liking items on FriendFeed please!	my desktop app of choice for Twitter  Simple  elegant and effective	Ive tried just about every desktop app for Twitter and this is by far my favorite	I use TweetDeck for my main account  but I still swear by Twhirl for the ability to access more than one Twitter account at once  (Plus Seesmic!)	Its awesome! Great interface	heyy! thats G R E AT :)	Updating Twitters a lot fun and a lot easier on Twhirl  And its colors are amazing	Actualmente es mi herramienta favorita de status microblogging de escritorio	A great Adobe AIR application for all those twitter wh*res out there!	i LOVE Twhirl  this is my fave app for twitter	A nice lightweight twitter app  Personally  I still use TweetDeck over Twhirl  It just seems to do the trick for me	I didnt like using it with Twitter (Used DestroyTwitter instead)  but it supports FriendFeed very well	Neat and easy to use  Twhirl seems to complete the Twitter package	Im still get the use of it!! But its very simple  and I like it! I recommend!	Nothing beats Twhirl for me  I have multiple accounts open  14 tweets per screen  Its stable like a rock  Its really too bad its not longer being developed	Our desktop Twitter app of choice  Very handy for multiple accounts (office  personal etc) and lots of easy to use functionality without crowding the interface	So far the best twitter app	This is a great desktop app that allows quick access to your Twitter timeline  as well as providing a fast way to respond	Im trying this after TweetDeck and Twhirl is definitely better all around  Twhirls much more accesible than TweetDeck will ever get	like good  im use it whrrrrl whit facebook connect  try help summary	I love Twhirl cause its so fast and easy ^^	I finally found the desktop app to go with Mashable	nice system build your team		
336798	Its very very basic and simple app & its really recommend for twitter newbies No pain neck settings nor features to choose on Yeah its only add on what  hmm	Sweet and simple  just like I like it	simple  useful app	Very simple  very nice  I cant tweet without it  Brings out that old ICQ nostalgia  Perfect for Twitter begginers	Por fin un cliente para Twitter en Windows que es atractivo  (Lamentablemente tengo que tener Firefox abierto)	Handy little icon in corner of browser updates tweets every 5 10mins or so which can mean I do nothing but read tweets Could do with following list	its the best twitter app ever!	Its okay but doesnt really offer a lot  You might as well use a standalone app like Tweetie or Twhirl	its great except it kinda takes a minute to get up to date w/ all the tweets	Twitterfox is a must have for todays Twitter Addicts that find themselves constantly inside their web browser	A must have addon for Firefox for anyone and everyone who uses twitter	Simply and super useful	Easy to use  quick  doesnt require much space but catches my attention everytime without beeing a nuisance  Simply cool!	It really comes in handy all the time   easy to use and simple  thumbs up!!		
337775	This app is simply amazing! You can use it for mockups  and more! Absolutely blip it!	Im absolutely in love with Skitch   so far I havent seen anything better for photo/vid screen captures	Being using this for a long time on my mac and find it an invaluable tool	Great usability  Simple and quick	the best application ive ever seen !	Skitch is great  It only sucks that the UI prevents me from saving an image that is higher than my screen  (The sharing tab is not available then )		
494047	I love to be in the Foursquare family	I havent used the app much but I like the idea	I travel so much  its great to find new places	To many lies on Foursquare (just spoke to a friend in NY who claimed to sit in a hotel in Dubai	Love it great app  great way to discover new places near by and good way to keep track of the friends I want to follow	finally just got the blackberry app and so far so good   its a lot of fun!	this has potential  tho rite now primarily used by urbanite hipsters  im afraid itll lead 2 constant coupon feeds to your mobile whenever u walk near a biz	WinMoSquare (currently in beta) really makes foursquare attractive to Windows Mobile users	Love it! Having a lot of fun checking in to my locations and becoming a mayor of my favorite haunts!	Didnt think much about it at first  but have been having a lot of fun with it within the past week or so!	if it display Japanese right  i would love it more	Its a really fun app  I just wish more people had it so we could all share the fun!	Great app and social media concept	Its so much fun & I love leaving tips that will help others when they arrive at their fav locations   Excited to see innovative tools for businesses	Its opened up my city to me  I know that Im more likely to visit a place on here  even if just to become mare and its always a good time	I would love it  but its full potential is hindered by two factors for me: 1) None of my friends use it! 2) Some of the on location tips dont work	Just fine  The app on blackberry needs to be improved		
576842	Fastest web browser I have used yet  Powerful  simple  cross platform  open source  secure and fast   No other web browser even comes close	Loved it from day 1  A workhorse	Super fast  light and usable	browser terbaik yang pernah ada  jauh melebihi Firefox	Second greatest browser in the world		
336683	High octane geek oriented social news filtering  No nonsense UI  great amounts of content  and more customizable than competing offerings  Love it	Great Digg alternative  cleaner  simpler	My favorite when it comes to news    Digg is nice too  but nothing beats reddits community! ;)	I visit occasionally but I dont enjoy it as much as Digg  Reddit is too open and instant  Digg relies too much on the algorithm  Theres still no happy medium	Good page source  Submission process is a bit tiring  but keeps info relevant for the most part	I like their programming section	Its ok  Diggs better  Or at least thats what I think	reddits got all the interesting articles du jour  you can even create your own subreddit category based on your interests! (if you build it  they will come) =D	For me its not better than digg and i dont like the interface	Good for finding news  Has better specific sections than Digg and seems to get the news faster	i dont like the design   the content is content	Consider it the internets collective stream of consciousness  Great for procrastination  Youll be entertained  might learn something  might just smile  I like	i love this design its comfortable :D	Me encanta Reddit  lo encuentro muy superior a otros servicios similares como Digg  porque es mucho mas configurable		
336681	Interface is clunky and non native  but the service has pretty much all the music you could ever need & the playlist sharing works well  Adverts are infrequent	incredible how fast its able to steam music  love the service so far  hope to see even more music in its network soon	tried it for a bit then sacked it  i use last fm & really didnt see the point of using another service when last fm satisfies all my music needs	Totally changed my music listening behavior	Maybe I need to try it for longer but I didnt see much usefulness with this app	Ive been using Spotify more than iTunes for the last month	Lots of music  No more downloading	The future of streaming (and legal) music and this baby is the best!	This will be a revolution in music industry once they get the free version available to more countries  It finds almost all songs and plays them high quality!	Whats not to like? A wide catalogue of free  legal  music  and it has the added bonus of pissing Americans off that they cant use it!	Desborda futuro en cada una de sus notas	Future of the music industry? Probably not  but useful    especially when youre drunk and have to find this one song	I thought Id never say forget iTunes but you can with this application  You get full tracks from a wide range of artists streamed to your desktop! Brilliant!	Spotify is brilliant I get to try out different artists  when I really like one I buy the cd  I havent really bothered that much with music before so	Great app! A good way to discover new music  and a great way to make a large itunes esque music library with no downloads  Seamless streaming too!	Amazing  The future of music!	A little more refining before its out of beta  and theres your iTunes killer	Free music on demand   whats not to love?	Was turned on to this by Ian McNabb and have used it to discover new music and to decide whether to splurge on CDs/downloads for my collection/mp3 player	Music on demand  make your own playlists then post them on the net  All for free	For the sake of an advert every now and then I use the free service	I frigging love Spotify  Some day all music will be delivered this way  Cant wait until they open it up to us unsigned artists	Spotify is awesome  Seriously  Free  easy to access  legal music  You have no excuse not to get it   Well  unless its unavailable in your country	love: iPhone/Android app hate: ridiculous classical database  no Deutsche Grammophon :/	Just perfect : step one  listen to any music on Spotify  step two  if I like it  I buy it on iTunes  Im legal and satifsfied  What more can you ask for ?	I can cope with an ad every now and then  Ideal for guilty pleasures without having to buy/download them (guilty   eddy grant)	Spotify is fantastic   am amazed that some people havent heard about it or assume its illegal  Play free  streamed music  huge library	Just for the concept of collaborative playlists it is a killer app  They know how to make a good interface and collection is growing fast  Then remain the ads	Totaly awesome  Want a service like this for movies  Want a service like this for everything!	Its the next best thing happened after email or mp3s for me !!	A few improvements needed but 99% is done and really well done  Streaming is so fast!	Fantastique  Only missing Metallica and being able to use it in my car	Amazing and a new portable version is coming soon for iphone and other devices I believe	The best music app ever  it needs to be available on all networks though  not just Apple	Brilliant for playing specific tracks  The radio function needs improvement badly	Best music app ever	Great comprehensive music library  fast streaming  easy to share playlists  The best streaming app available	I have become a fan of spotify  I was smiling when i saw that it scrobbles songs to last fm  Design is simple but functional  Pretty awesome!	The only thing that could make it better is for it to be available for the iPhone   What  it is available for the iPhone?  Sweet!	Its cool  waiting for iPhone client	I love this wonderful application  only need net social functions to be totally perfect	The mobile app made me sign up for premium   awesome	Esta bien  pero hay algunas canciones y grupos que no salen	just the best in internet music	The best music streaming app I have seen yet  I use this every day	Last fm gives me recommendations   Spotify gives me music  Simple!	Would have chosen love it which I did even have the premium  But there have been some glitches in the stream and artists like Dylan removed from catalog	Very good way listening music  and finding out new bands  Downsides  not found all music i like to listen  when not premium  lower audioquality	+ large catalogue of music + awesome fast interface   not available in many countries   ads   still lacks of many artists   no addons yet	Still loving Spotify  Missed it in Asia  there are benefits to the UK! Interface is very usable and light  all round niceness	Somehow I lost the music in my 30s and now its back with a vengeance  Spotify is superb!	not available in my country due to licensing restrictions :(     am in usa	Its fast  sound is good enough and have tons of music  even some a bit less than commercial	A brilliant way to listen to music  It is free  quality is brilliant and all the songs you need are on there	great service  wish i could use it in the USA	I hate being interrupted by ads while listening to music  so I listen to Grooveshark  I found Grooveshark while cruising my free icloud com account	Great stuff  the price of the premium account is far less than I used to spend on music each month  Great mobile client	Costs *way* less than I used to spend on CDs  An excellent service	Hi its not available at my country use http://www tv243 com alternative	Wow I like a lot this service I know news artists every day	Absolutely awesome music streaming service and I love the premium subscription which lets you use this on your iPhone and save off line playlists!		
336680	I dont have an aerial socket in my room  so I use Zattoo a lot  Streaming is generally very stable and quality is decent  New channels are added regularly	European TV on your PC for free  now with higher def streams   So much easier than a TV tuner in the UK	Awesome online TV live streaming app!	Awesome concept  well implemented  :)	It seems a very good apps  but doesnt have support for several countries		
337097	Great tool for organizing your desktop icons	Very very handy   love the feature where you double click the desktop to hide all your icons  :)	Was overjoyed when i found out about this app  Finally  no more cluttered and messy desktop  And yes  the Quick Hide feature is brilliant	Manage the desktop icons by put in one place & invisible way to clears the clutter Its pretty clean		
337096	The best cleaner utility	nice  but be careful in using it	A must have for any Windows user   I wished updating it was easier though	best for window$ system   thou u dont need anything like this in Ubuntu Linux :)	Really great! Cleaned much stuff on my PC	Makes my computer sparkly clean	Keeps my computer sparkling clean!	Handy little app that works brilliantly	a handy tool to clean your PC	works awesome  the USB version is handy too!	I like Easy Cleaner a little bit better	Killer app for computer cleaning and performance optimizing  Saved my ass couple of times too  10/10	Been using it for years! Free and does the job  No malware  spyware   wrapped in a bundle	A great tool for cleaning up your PC   I cleared over a gig with one use!  (Do NOT use on netbooks! It wiped mine out and I had to reimage it!)  Great for PCs!	CCleaner is a great app	An essential tool for me  I actually understand what it does! Make sure you get the updates	A must have tool for your computer  It cleans up a lot of junk at the same time	Simply the best way to keep my Windows clean	nice tools to clean pc i use it	El mejor limpiador de la gernica que hay en tu PC	Easy  fast  and effective		
337094	I use it everytime I need to do some photo editing	Pretty good user friendly version of Photoshop	Great interface  Great functionality	Photographers shouldnt be without it  Eases the workflow and rapid editing process dramatically  Latest version almost removes the need for Photoshop entirely	I really like Lightroom  but I cant decide between this and Aperture  Both have their benefits  but the iPhoto integration and plugins swings it for Aperture	I rarely use Adobe PS since Ive got Lightroom installed on my notebook  Its just like every photographers need	Lightroom for Post Production all the way!!!	Great interface  Great functionality	best pro editing application		
337092	The best desktop email client app ever	A bit of a memory hog at times  but its good enough that I use it as my primary  Does just about everything I want in an email client  and not much else	Its passable but has quite a few odd quirks   I wish OS X mail worked on windows	dumped TBird and Outlook for Gmail long ago	very good as an IMAP client  coloured tags are cool	When I was still using desktop mail apps  I loved this one a lot	Good email client  but I still prefer Gmail	If you have to use a desktop email client this is the best	Meh  If I have to use an email client other than Gmail I think I prefer Evolution  Maybe I just havent explored T Bird enough	Im happy with Gmail and use MS Outlook just as a back up service  : )	Awesome email client  but lacking some features	You can customize it with add ons  It can be an email client  feed reader and a calendar  And with the external program MozBackup  you can backup your emails	nice and secure email application	Simply *THE BEST* e mail client out there	The reference for email clients  but it is becoming a bit outdated with integrations features in Digsby and Gmail	I use it for all my email accounts and RSS feeds	Dear thunderbird   please recieve  send and safegaurd my mails for me  I love you for being so opensource and free  Please also protect me from spam   Amen	Best email client so far  also using it for my agenda with the lighting addon  :)	Quite slow on older machines  but still the best free e mail client	It worked with the e mails I added on it since I didnt like the web versions  :)	Badly needs a calendaring function to be integrated into the software		
494966	Best app for Twitter hands down!	Nice app & social tool for managing Twitter & Facebook  Some nifty extras as well	I was a former Tweetdeck user  but now its Chrome+Brizzly for me	great! makes it easier to use twitter and facebook   m/	Its alright if you have time to use it  but I think its too cluttered	Me encanta Brizzly  un cliente para twitter desde la Web que me deja disfrutar de todo en un mismo sitio		
451475	Twitter Application with maximum features; simple	The best thing I like about Buzzom is that it contains all the services at just one place	Simple to use and more features then most sites I have used till today	Really awesome fetures	Cool features  simple to use  Its a one stop solution of twitter	Its an excellent product and down the road will be more exciting	One of the most beautifully designed twitter tools available  Sweet :)	Love it all the way  its not just amazing it freaking easy and simple  its just fantabulous to say the least	Buzzom is really an excellent product with cool features  it will be more exciting down the road with some more features	Buzzom is awsome appl I love this site	Easy to understand and use  saves a lot of time  Great tool	Buzzom is just fantastic way to make your way into Twitter  Kudoos to Buzzom Team  :)	best twitter tool     it simply rocks	Really good to manage your twitter account	great design    nice look and feel     hats off to buzzom	Buzzom helps very well to manage twitter account!! Launches exciting features day by day!!	buzzom is a gud application for quickies	buzzom is awsome tool for twitter i love this application its very easy for everyone	buzzom is fantastic tool for twitter	buzzon is the best twitter application	wow   this is great  everyone should try this  thumbs up to the creator	Very good user friendly twitter application	This tool is really awesome for account managent  Buzzom is easy and smart tool	wow    great app :)    so nice    keep it up	I like the web interface (a lot) not the desktop app	Hootsuite is much more comfortable	Its on a very slow server and it works about 50% Definitely not on my side  Maybe consider getting it hosted in Canada	Very useful if you want to grow your Twitter reach  However  the service can be quite slow	New Straits Times Online http://twa lk/SgEnV	DO NOT KNOW IT  EVILTV BUT SOUND NICE	I love this site very much	I love buzzom  Its amazing	This is best way to manage your Twitter Account	The Greatest Success comes from the Satisfaction You Have with Whom You Are!	 Check out my new profile    Ive made a few changes recently and wanted to get in touch and let you know  When you get a chance  send me an update  It would b	Maximum number of features  All at on place!	This tool brings many more features with twitter experience  i like keyword via bio search  really i got 5k followers in 25 days  awesome thanks Buzzom	Nice tool with great feature	Wow  Cool one :)	Very cool service that complements Twitter	give me a great help to manage my twitter or facebook account :)	Lots of good features	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	I use this site to find spymasters and its extremely useful    its the only site like it that I keep coming back to	Great accessory for Twitter!		
337090	I wish this was far more popular than it is   I prefer this over Twitter but everyone uses Twitter  simple as that   The responded tab is cool	Like the more social aspect of the site  but people stopped interacting so I left for twitter	I like the *idea* of it  but the horizontal layout just aint for me	lack of community  big user base is at twitter	it just got too confusing	Indonesian friends are buzzing around on plurk	That horizontal interface really slows things down too much	Awesome in theory  poor in execution  Bonus points for threaded conversations  but its sooo buggy that Twitter has become the more appealing option	I agree with that horizontal stuff  it sucks	Its ok  but I may be giving up on it soon because of the lack of community	I jumped on that bandwagon for about two weeks   Its just not as dead pan simple to use as Twitter  Sorry :(	Lack of professional look poor environment poor overview settings   Not a good choice to communicate with people and express ourselves	Great concept  horizontal layout makes following new updates extremely easy  Unlike in Twitter  you actually get good responses  Community is small but talky =)	Plurk was fun at first  but the way updates are processed in the horizontal timeline made it near impossible to keep up unless on it all day long	My most used social networking site along with Facebook!	Plurk complements Twitter nicely   My favorite features are the Karma system and the timeline	liked its  timeline view but i found non of my buddies use it  so i evetually not use it anymore	My #1 website   Im giving up Facebook to use this more!  Unlike on Twitter  you have REAL conversations with substance on Plurk!  Everyone is so friendly!	horizontal layout is interesting  more interactive  more fun xD	Love love love love love Plurk  HATE that everything is for Twitter and not Plurk	Its become my favorite microblogging site   Love the threaded conversations and the timeline feels natural to me	kind of unorganized  wish it had a search like twitter	some might find the horizontal scroll hard to get used to  but i didnt  also  it integrates images and youtube amazingly well!	I like it  but I like twitters format much better	Recently signed up for Plurk  must admit I enjoy twitter better  For more product testing and website testing add me at glamourousamanda on twitter	God awful UI makes it nearly unusable	No match for Twitter  The list of actions makes it feel restricted like Facebook status updates  and the sideways UI is slow and annoying	Quite an amazing micro blogging service   Makes you kind of an addict!	Plurk is simple and fun to use as a microblogging site  No API gives it a lower rating from me though	Am loving Plurk more and more  Like Zannel too  Wish it would catch on  Rippll too	Ive given it a go as I have with many sites but I think I prefer the simplicity of Twitter & complexity of Facebook	Really dont like the UI  Just try Twitter instead	Wish I used it more  but I like what Ive seen so far	not as good overall as identi ca but has the best visual timeline for any microblogging platform	I like the design and the timeline  but I havent used it much yet	Good Idea  but honestly I dont use it	I use this the most  Must be the smilies and the karma thing	my other favorite micro blogging service aside from twitter	Except for the fact im not really a weight watcher	i used it  very nice idea	im more of a twitter kinda gal	I use plurk everyday! You can hook it up to Twitter  Facebook  Yahoo!  and more!	The only micro blogging site I use	Plurk is the most creative microblog  Its unique user interface provides different micro blogging experience for people	think google has been cutting edge from the stat There is no telling were and how far the amazing TEH is going to go I want to be and know everything there is	The best micro blogging site!	setiap hari nge Plurk bersama cewekq		
